a group of people running a charity marathon .
a large white building with many palm trees in front and a man with his hands in his pockets walking by .
a man in a gray tshirt works the bellows to start a fire on a brick oven inside a wooden shed .
two women and many children are walking single file down the street .
two men in coat stand at a table with beakers and alcohol bottles .
young karate participants sparring competitively .
a dog running through deep snow pack .
a man and a woman talk while standing next to a tree .
a group of youths one wearing a tshirt labeled la city lounge south are working on a craft project that involves the use of flour .
a longhaired man in the water is swinging his head causing the water to spray in a spiral .
a man in a black shirt stuffing a turkey to cook .
a man wearing jeans with a belt and glasses with brown hair scratching his head .
a large black dog is digging in the deep snow .
two men in red robes performing martial arts .
a man looking off into a blurred background with his hand on an unidentified machine .
at a naval yard a man in a white navy officers uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion .
a dogs mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
a young woman stands singing at a microphone while a man behind her holds a guitar .
two women are sitting in ditches of dirt with two buckets and a purse close by .
a person crosses the street and avoids the spill of paint .
a group of black people performing in orange shirts in front of a fenced off park .
four people are strapped into some kind of amusement park ride .
tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
a mother and son are sledding down a snowy slope with smiles on their faces .
a military dentist and his camouflageclad assistant do dental work on a patient .
a group of four people are being photographed from a car .
a woman is walking across the street with 4 children .
rider jumps snowmobile high in rural area .
a little boy sitts on top of a big rock .
a man wearing swim trunks is cooling off after a dive in the water .
children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride .
people in an indoor gymnasium that has blue walls are working on bicycles .
a man and women sleeping outside on a bench .
a man in a green shirt is braiding the hair of a girl who is sitting in a chair while wearing purple pants .
a lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
two young blond girls in red and white ball uniforms with people behind them .
two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell .
a man in a gray shirt and black shorts sitting in a chair smiling in a hospital room .
five men are playing musical instruments together on a stage .
a mountain biker catching some after taking off a ramp on a trail .
a man with a brown shirt gray vest and black cap plays an electric bass .
a young girl in a tank top is practicing keyboard .
a woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
two girls are wet and behind them is a woman holding an open umbrella .
a person is parasailing over a large body of water .
naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street .
a cello player is playing during a concert .
a darkskinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .
little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
a girl in an orange tank top is walking her bike through the forrest .
several women dressed in colorful costumes are performing a dance .
a skateboarder wearing a green and purple hat does a kick flip out of an empty swimming pool .
a woman with blue hair red gloves striped socks and a black and white dress is holding still .
two older men are discussing something on a street corner with graffiti in the background .
a man in a beige shirt installing communications equipment .
an elderly person is wearing a clue cap and brown jacket while sitting outside in front of a cutting board .
two women are standing in front of a class of children talking about a book .
some people are walking through a tourist attraction .
a bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
young adults wearing red yellow and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch .
a man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition .
a formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues .
a brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp .
an african american man in a tan hat suit and sunglasses is standing by a brick wall .
the people are dressed in heavy layered clothing and are motioning together .
four people are sitting or laying on a wooden floor and touching each other .
a lot of people walking on a dirt road wearing summer clothes on a sunny day .
man talking on a phone surrounded by books in an office .
a white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
a woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
a young redheaded girl wearing a spiderman costume is riding a hobby horse .
man in a suit smoking a cigar and reading a paper walking on the street .
a group of asian people at an auto show stare and take picture of a new vehicle .
a man cooking burgers on a black grill .
little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
a young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .
a little boy wearing an outfit from a different culture is sitting and looking to his left .
a man pushing a cart of leaves down the sidewalk .
a crowd looking at a group of people wearing red shirts and white pants .
a man in a brown shirt is pouring something granular in to a pool .
the young boy with brown hair is wearing a orange shirt with blue stripes has a great big smile .
a man wearing riding boots and a helmet is riding a white horse and the horse is jumping a hurdle .
a man and woman take a nap near the water with their hats covering their faces .
on grass two brown dogs tussle for orange toy .
a group of people in purple shirts and tan pants all walking in the same direction .
a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people .
several people are walking beside a white fence in a foreign country .
a man sitting on a bus with his head down .
someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail .
a white bird grazes above the water .
four people are outside carrying garbage bags and wearing rubber gloves .
the guy with the jean shorts is at the skate park doing tricks on his bike .
a large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games .
a family enjoying the christmas holiday together in a living room .
a woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball .
a balding man in red sunglasses wearing a green shirt standing in front of a building .
a group of men women and children all wearing hats talk on the beach .
two boxers one in red and one in blue strike each other in the face with their left hands .
a group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them .
middleaged women in short skirts and heels stroll down a sidewalk .
a vendor sits in the middle of a display of glasses at a street market in an asian country .
a man wearing a life jacket is in a small boat on a lake with a ferry in view .
women in ethnic clothing sing together .
a very young child is sitting in the sink with paint on his body and face and is playing with the kitchen faucet .
a thin man rolls a metal ball on his arm while several people watch .
clown at a circus making a balloon toy for a woman .
two young women are playing volleyball one has jumped into the air to hit the ball .
a man in a hard hat and orange safety vest stands near a wall holding a tray while a man in a blue hard hat watches .
a baseball player a woman with frisbees and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
a group dressed in scuba gear is sitting at the bottom of a pool .
an older man in a white shirt prepares raw meat on a stick .
a man and a woman with a red book both dressed in black .
two boys are participating in a boxing match .
two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball .
a person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks .
a boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them .
a little girl is outside putting her hand out to touch the water from the sprinkle .
a woman sits in front of a low table with various raw ingredients on it .
a woman smiles as she cleans the floor with rags while a child lies recumbent on the sofa .
a lady wearing a red and white polka dot swim cap is swimming in a pool .
a large crowd of people encircles a child wearing a hat and a man in a dress suit .
a woman with black hair wearing a black top and a red skirt is shaking her fist at somebody .
a boy in a hat on a swing .
in a crowd of young people at a bar a man stands displaying the rock and roll sign .
a man in a red tracksuit holds a lit torch while another man in the same red tracksuit pushes his wheelchair for him .
there is a young woman dressed in green and red with a mexican flag facepainted on her cheek .
asian woman in postal delivery uniform is pushing a large pile of packages .
a male in a black shirt and brown cargo pants holding a shovel above his head .
a photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips .
a group of people in dark clothing gathered around a man in a black shirt .
a girl with blue hair and a blue shirt is standing near a group of people .
two dogs run around together in the field .
a small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
big green leafy trees growing on a busy street .
3 jockeys riding horses wearing green pink and beige .
three men working on a bicycle on a cobblestone street .
the little girl with the green necklace is running away from the net .
some men appear to be discussing something on a boat or ship .
a white blond lady wearing a blue bag riding a scooter .
a strange looking wood trailer is parked in a street in front of stores .
a large dog is jumping in a fountain while a man in a black tshirt and vest stands nearby .
child playing on a playground hanging from bars .
three women are sitting on a blanket on the ground with a baby and are talking and having a good time .
a movie with a car is being filmed on the street .
a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .
a woman in a striped shirt folds her arms while standing in a grocery store .
a young man in a white shirt holding cotton candy next to a young woman in a white tank top .
a young gymnast in white poses while a red ball is suspended beside her .
a man in a yellow costume stands facing a woman in a white hat .
two teenage girls hold a card referring to periods as they smile .
a black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
a woman and her two kids are on the beach and the woman is leaping high into the air .
a worker at a seafood farm pulls up a rope seeded with muscles for harvesting .
this child is in a classroom finished for the day maybe .
a boy and two girls all wearing brown shirts and blue jeans are jumping in the air .
a man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand .
people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .
four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background .
a chef in a red apron and white hat is carving meat from a spit .
a very wet brown dog is emerging from the water .
elderly man poses with his two dogs while sitting on his living room couch .
a young blond girl standing on a pillow on a bed smiling with her eyes closed .
a baby girl in a bib is eating a cheese stick in her highchair .
street scene of blond woman in gold coat and pink miniskirt in front of a rearfacing police motorcycle .
a man in a black tuxedo and a woman in a wedding dress pose with a bouquet of orange and red roses .
a man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant .
two small children a girl and a boy dressed in white on a state posing in ballet poses .
a sexy middleage lady got her photo taken in front of a building .
a female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
a man that looks like he has been hit is lying on the ground in front of some junk .
there are multiple people going over a loop on an inverted roller coaster .
a couple walks down an isles at a store selling art and history books .
a monster truck gets stuck in a muddy hole .
a small blond child jumping from one bed to another .
a redhaired woman and a black man stand sharing a microphone while playing violins as part of an ensemble .
two construction workers assist in the loading of a dump truck at an urban construction site .
a toddler in red and blue is watering a tree while sucking his pacifier .
man and women look through milk crates full of records or pictures on sale .
a man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool .
a person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
a man and woman wearing backpacks are standing near a tall tree stump with a stone wall in the background .
a dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
a group of people standing outside with a woman with blue hair .
a man an woman pause while walking up stone steps so she can show him photos on a digital camera .
man in blue coat is being pulled in a dog sled by two dogs .
a middleaged redhaired woman smiling while drying her hair .
a crowd in stands holding up the letters k r u n and c .
a lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall .
a brunette woman in a robins egg blue apron is milking a brown animal .
woman with curly redhair using a telescope on the street .
two men with cameras shoot stand as one of them takes a shot .
a man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
a large group of people are standing between buildings outside .
a guy with a long blue dress like clothing piece with blue socks and sandals on walking into a concrete building .
four young kids playing on a porch while a man stands on the steps .
female runners from japan germany and china are running side by side .
here is a picture of a teenager trimming his brothers head hair .
two women are posing for a picture one wearing a white dress and the other wearing a white and black costume and tall redhair .
a girl in a red and white shirt and blue shorts is getting ready to throw a ball .
as many gather on the beach to watch the air show the planes make a heart in the sky .
a man in a black and white striped shirt photographing a woman by a fountain .
a pedicab driving sitting on the side and waiting for his next customer .
some people are running and playing in water spouts .
the mother and her child loves to play at the park .
a young girl blond and wearing a polkadot shirt washes a stuffed animal in a vanity sink .
a man pushing a blue arm chair down the sidewalk as people are walking past him .
a man wearing glasses at the microphone is looking down at some paper in his hand .
singer dives into crowd watching him perform .
a little girl that is hiding behind a blue barrier .
a dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
a woman and a young child has fun while playing a board game .
a woman is reading a card while sitting on an end of a couch while another woman is standing next to her holding a glass to drink .
a young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
the man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store .
seven people by a building decorated with stone pillars by the street .
two bicyclers in spandex and blue and yellow helmets riding past graffiti .
six men in uniform here are paired up and performing identical movements as people in the background watch .
a football player kneeling down in a field with a football in his hands .
a woman sniffs at the remnants of drink in her companions glass .
the red car has the number seven on the side in a white circle .
one man wearing a hooded sweatshirt sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city .
four black children sit in the sand with various empty food containers .
a mother and a child are interacting in a retrostyled room .
the lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snowfalls .
coach talks with football player other players and crowd in background .
a red brick building on a street with very few people and a bicycle next to the door .
a woman in a black shirt is taking a helmet off a little kid .
people are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building .
a group of people are sitting at a table outside having drinks and talking .
a brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth .
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground .
a person is upside down in the air above a trampoline outside .
an unkempt frowning old man with white hair is sitting in front of a chainlinked fence .
a race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
a man is mixing something in a large round pan while several people are around him .
a woman in a black and white salvation army uniform accepts a donation from a young girl .
a man in a red football uniform and helmet looks to the left .
two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street .
a color guard representing the various arms of the armed services march in a parade .
people and goats are walking around a muddy field .
a smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
an elderly woman using a pink umbrella to shade herself from the sun .
the black and white dog is running through the bushes .
a woman is in front of a slide show the current slide says objectives .
a small boy wearing pajamas crawls across the floor .
a woman in a green shirt and a man in a black jacket join others in walking down a sidewalk .
some people wander past a wall covered in graffiti .
young man in blue snow jacket and blue pants poses for a picture with the snowman he made .
a bmw rider takes a large jump off a wall .
there is the last of the public telephone located in the state .
a room filled with people in a restaurant .
a crowd is outside watching someone in the center of them .
an older man in a suit is being wheeled on his wheelchair through a bookstore by a young man in a sweater .
a woman and man are both playing music the man is on the drums the woman is singing .
the four children are going incredibly fast on the merrygoround .
a team is working hard to control a large sailboat racing on a lake .
two women in blue suits are sitting on the cement outdoors with concrete and long shaped glass windows behind them .
a woman wearing black shorts and a sweater stands on the sidewalk beside a paved road .
a little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
two people in official type clothing each riding on a dark horse down an area surrounded by trees with a man in the background holding a gun .
a small blond girl is holding a sandwich .
a brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence .
three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it .
man standing on a pier next to a boat on a still lake .
a man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk .
a man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain .
two young girls playing basketball one in white attempting a layup while the other in red defends .
fans at a concert helping the lead singer sing his song .
a boy who is taking a stick from a girl in the middle of a race .
a crew of cycling member getting ready for a race .
two men waiting in the backseat of a car while the driver gets in to the drivers seat .
two people with backpacks take a picture of something high above them while standing in a crowd .
two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush .
a midage women busy in making woolen sweaters sitting in her stall .
several people standing on a subway platform .
a kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball .
a group of beachgoers are holding hands forming a line facing the water down the beach .
two cyclists cross the street on a very breezy california day .
a man wearing a scarf and knitted hat is smiling .
black people are at the grocery store to get there food .
a woman with dark curly hair wearing a green and yellow scarf and a dark jacket .
looks like a farmers market a few tables with various items displayed .
a man and woman walk on a sidewalk while the man puts his hand up to his mouth .
a woman in a white shirt plays a black guitar .
there is a woman riding a bike down the road and she popped a wheelie .
a man is walking down the street wearing blue jeans and carrying some bags .
a man wearing a baseball hat using public transportation .
a woman and two boys are looking at a sheet of paper by an information kiosk .
a group of people are in a dirt mount one person is talking on the one one is taking a picture and one is jumping in the air .
a little dog is bringing back a ball on an open grass field .
a woman wearing a coat having her face painted with metallic face paint .
a girl in shorts and white top grilling meat on a barbque .
a group of musicians are recording music .
a blondhaired woman wearing a blue shirt unwraps a hat .
a woman in white holds some roses standing next to a young girl also in white .
a four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
two children riding inside atop an elephant harnessed with a riding pack while an adult male watches on .
a woman is being held by a man with black and red paint on his face .
several men standing on a parade float traveling through a street crowded with people .
at a bowling alley a man in a black shirt is holding a bowling ball and looking down the lane .
a man and a woman are sitting on the floor in front of luggage .
a man wearing an orange vest is standing on the street with a bulldozer behind him .
some people are on a snowcovered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks .
a man with braids a tshirt and sweatpants is dancing in front of a crowd of people .
a man and woman are working on replacing a bike tire tube .
several people are sitting or laying down on a long wooden bench near a fountain .
this is an image of two men during a match of karate and a display of fighting skills .
a black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
a well built black man stands in the subway listening to headphones .
a small blue car with covered cargo on top and filled with people .
two women are talking to a young boy while playing cards .
this man is racking the billiard balls on the purple pool table .
a black boy is cutting another black boys hair with a razor .
two dogs are running and playing in the snow .
two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
a boy in a blue shirt is standing at the foot of a hill with a snowball in his hand .
this person is in a boat with a display of food laid out on a platform across the boat .
a person canoeing on water with a black background .
a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .
a woman in a white tshirt and a boy in a turquoise shirt are looking in the freezer section of a store .
a dog is standing in a small pool of water on top of a mountain .
a brown dog runs on the sand holding a stick .
this man seems to be trying to make some kind of political statement in a busy city .
emergency personnel work at the scene of major car accident between a car and a pickup truck .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
man holding a baby propped between two buildings about two feet apart photographed from below .
a boy in yellow shorts is standing on top of a cliff .
two children jumping on a screened in blue and black trampoline while outside surrounded by trees .
little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
a small boy is sweeping the wooden deck behind a house with an oversized broom a wild forest is in the back .
a man and a boy are outside playing with a dog in the evening .
in a parade a man wearing a red hat and driving a yellow and green oldfashioned truck is waving at the crowd .
a young boy in yellow tshirt hanging from a ring with other kids around .
a man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face .
a woman runs along side her dog as he jumps a hurdle .
a smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair .
a boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot .
a person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground .
a lonesome teenager peers at a beach full of potential friends .
a man in a yellow top stand in front of a small shack as viewed from above through wire mesh .
pottery and cars are shown in a parking lot with a man in a blue outfit is leaning against the front of his car .
a group of children sitting in chairs with monitors over them .
there is a cafe on a street corner with an oval painting on the corner of its building .
a young child is sitting on the hood of a lowrider on a busy street .
a group of young people posing in the air on a sandy beach .
a woman who is wearing white shorts yellow top and white sandals appears to be throwing a stick .
four children carrying backpacks turn to face the camera and smile as they walk down a country road .
a man dressed in gold with his gold bike stops to look at the city .
a man in black and white is holding a torch in front of a crowd .
some men stand around a wall which has purple and pastel green graffiti .
a older japanese man trying to fix a small red and gray machine .
an older male in blue jeans and brown coat is resting against an orange building .
three people are playing near the ocean as the waves crest near them .
a man is sweeping floor in building where female and males walk on separate sides of the room .
a man in a suit and tie in a fancy building is speaking at the podium .
three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them .
his back facing us a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .
a rollerblading monk with some nice sunglasses prays before doing some sick tricks .
a black man in a chefs coat is on the phone while two other men in aprons laugh .
a lady in a purple top and a white skirt is watching a marching parade .
an asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray .
a boat with people and their belongings is in the water .
a person wearing blue jeans and a red sweater us turning the corner of a brick wall .
a group of chinese people on a bus wearing matching clothing .
a man rides a bike with a shrubbery attached to the back of it .
a negro male in a white tshirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting .
a man in a black jacket is riding a horse on a public sidewalk .
a crowd of people standing next to a shack labeled green jungle .
man in dark colored clothing holds bouquet of paper wrapped flowers .
an older sibling and a baby in the living room .
a young man in a green tshirt strums his guitar while sitting crosslegged on the floor .
an adult with two kids one child making a face and the other kissing the adults cheek .
there is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow .
a little girl is running on pavement while a woman is walking behind her .
two women are walking down the beach carrying boards and flippers .
3 women are playing beach volleyball with one about to spike one about to block and the other looking on .
an amputee competes for the gold medal in volleyball in the special olympics .
a young man with yellow cleats and a maroon soccer jersey kicks the ball while his opponent in a navy blue soccer jersey jogs to cover him .
the small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
a young man is getting something to eat at a donut concession stand .
a man wearing black is moving a table top in an empty room .
two people in a traditional japanese dragon costume perform in front of a small japanese shrine with a man in a business suit standing in the back watching .
the bank teller is waiting for a customer .
two asian children grab hands while in a piece of playground equipment .
two women are standing outside a store wearing pink shirts and jeans .
several men walk in front of on the roxx bar and grill that serves pizza and coors light .
a medium sized white dog is jumping up to catch a small cloth frisbee .
an elderly asian woman is wearing a beret sunglasses a yellow scarf and a plaid jacket .
two darkhaired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands .
a group of mature folk are waving as they walk down a shopping center .
a man is pouring something into a container on the floor and a woman dressed in white is looking on .
2 females 1 from germany and 1 from china compete in a wrestling match on a mat .
a elderly whitehaired woman is looking inside her register and looking through her glasses .
brown hair little girl dressed in a green and white shirt and blue jeans plays with balls .
a woman with short hair and a tank top is holding something up in her hand .
a lady in a red coat holding a bluish hand bag likely of asian descent jumping off the ground for a snapshot .
a windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
a boy band and no one even matches someone should have sent a memo .
two men are out on a bright sunny day attempting to catch some fish on the lake .
with a roll of toilet paper in reach a male is asleep at his desk .
two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
an old man sits on a low chair with a yellow tray on his lap .
a baby wearing a crocheted burgundy hat sleeps on a gray mat .
four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
a man in a yellow shirt stands in front of a gray concrete building .
i dont see a picture i dont see a picture i dont see a picture i dont see a picture .
two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left .
two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen .
the two old grandmother is talking each other .
two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
a man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street .
steam rises from a hot grill while a man cooks at an outdoor food stand .
a woman in a restaurant is drinking out of a coconut using a straw .
2 men in army fatigues playing baseball in the middle of a dirt field in the middle of the day .
a large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
a person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
a soccer player tackles a player from the other team .
three people are running a race around a red track .
two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
a adventure bound person climbing the face of a mountain .
a man with a nose ring in his nose is brushing his teeth .
a military official showing a video from a digital camera to a young boy .
woman with two medals around her neck holding up seven fingers .
a red plane flying over a boat as it trails pink smoke .
a female artist is painting a painting of a city .
a girl in a white shirt blowing bubbles .
a man in a hat plays an unusual instrument for cash next to the metro exit .
a teenager reading a book in class with notes on her desk looking bored .
a group of people standing in front of a setting sun .
a darkhaired woman wearing a blue blouse and sunglasses holds a banner while a young girl with braided hair writes on the banner .
two girls play on a tree branch one of them holds s dog .
a man in bullfighting regalia rides a bulls back .
a soccer game is played as two men attempt to reach the ball before their respected opponent .
a man in a sleek white shirt gazes into the womans eyes while holding on to the back of her black and pink dress .
a group of people in plaid skirts black vests and whitecollared shirts are playing drums .
you wish your street was as clean as this dudes dirt floor .
a woman in a white shirt with red pants bicycling across a bridge .
a police officer standing next to a crowd of people in sailor suits .
a man and a boy are sitting next to a barbecue and examining it .
a young baby dressed in a pink fleece outfit smiles while laying in autumn leaves .
two men are observing another as he puts the finishing touches on wet cement .
a child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree .
pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy wooded field .
two girls are seated at a table and working on craft projects .
two speed boats racing across the water while creating a large spray of water behind them .
a little girl stands in a puddle on the concrete shrowded in darkness .
two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
a young woman in a pink shirt attempting to rope a calf at the rodeo .
three children in a black dog kennel .
a child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch .
a colorful night market with various fruits and vegetables on display .
a man in a black jacket and black hat plays a trumpet outside .
the large black dog is digging in the snow .
a little boy in a samurai costume holds a toy sword as he stands in front of a stroller .
a group of people stand in a loose line on a brick ground .
two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city .
a girl in black leggings and a red jacket is practicing figure skating .
a young boy carries a green white and red flag and walks next to a woman .
a bald headed man with a beard holding an electric shaver on a beach .
a blondhaired girl lying on grass behind a fence gives thumbs up sign as a tortoise walks in front of her .
a person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach .
a dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top .
a young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking .
a young helmeted biker in blue takes to the air while going over small hills .
a man has bleached tips in his afro style hair and is on a cellphone .
a person in a black winter coat and a scarf is carving a snow sculpture with a knife .
a young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage tshirt playing a black electric guitar .
a man holding up a empty glass right in front of the camera .
a man holding a rod with a paintbrush attached painting a billboard .
community gathers outdoors together and wear bunny ears .
two budding rock stars practice on their guitars .
people trying out foods from a local bakery at a local potluck .
a woman with a shawl and a bag on her head walks among others along the street .
a black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth .
a somewhat chubby man making hand gestures with a other man at the sink looking at him .
a woman in a white shirt and black pants hula hoops as a large group of people look on .
a little girl in a dotted dress looks back towards a woman in a black dress .
five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees .
a man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
a man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills .
a mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
a male metal worker using a welding tool in his right hand while holding the mask in his left hand in a midlower or lower class neighborhood .
two women in bikinis on the beach playing volleyball .
a cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists .
a young boy with a book sits on the floor in front of a table .
two men in fezs have a discussion in an outdoor market .
the skiers are in front of the lodge .
a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .
a skateboarder skates near a high wall as he looks down at the bunch of lumber below .
two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building .
a man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
a boy in a hoodie is throwing an object into a dirty swimming pool .
two teams of children one green the other red play each other in a game of rugby while it rains .
a frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it .
a dog stares while sitting on a red brick floor near pale buildings .
a girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her .
three dogs playing in the green water .
a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete .
children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters .
two men dressed in black with large colored bowties are performing a comedy routine near some bushes in front of a small audience .
a man in a long gray overcoat stands in a courtyard as snowfalls .
two people a man and a woman hold signs during a protest that is against censoring artists .
a group of grown men walking are walking down the street playing instruments .
a band is playing a piece while a man in a white shirt conducts .
a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .
a boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
several men look out the window while a woman in sunglasses leans on a wall nearby .
two people in sombreros walking down the street holding hands .
two teenage boys are walking together down the sidewalk in a city .
man in forest in white shirt wearing a hat .
a man playing mike tysons punchout on his computer .
a group of men bow their heads before a table full of multicolored vegetables .
one child is walking ahead of the other .
an male entertainer is wearing womens clothing that consists of a pink tank top skirt knee high socks and a hairnet performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches .
a young boy throws a big rock into a body of water .
a woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt selling sea shells looks at an older man wearing a black shirt and a cap .
men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches .
a man and a boy adorned in red and gold ring bells during some type of ceremony .
a woman with bright redhair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
a trumpet player wearing a blue shirt and red tie performs .
a little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves .
a young woman in street clothes and boots by a lake performing a ballet move .
a group of young girls wearing white shirts and red berets marching in a band .
a female boxer in a pink sports bra is midkick in the ring with a female boxer wearing a red tshirt .
a little girl plays with an miniature electric circuit consisting of three light bulbs and a battery .
a group of people are running a marathon in winter .
a man in the military is sitting at a table talking into a microphone .
a medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera .
female musician pauses her guitar playing to enjoy a moment during a performance .
two little girls are smiling in blue dresses .
a girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field .
a woman with a light purple dress and bright hot pink shoes is sitting at a table drinking water and coffee .
a middleaged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen .
four people checking out and possibly repairing one of their bicycles .
a man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
two women sitting in silver chairs waiting for a train or subway in an indoor station .
a policeman on a motorcycle is stopped behind a car he pulled over .
three women run barefoot on the sand towards the water .
a man in a white shirt is walking on a football field in front of some players .
a tennis player wearing a yellow white and blue shirt carrying a racquet .
someone is carrying an excessive amount of heavily loaded bags .
a group of people are near a small river in the middle of a city .
a brown dog chewing on a large piece of wood .
an older man with tattoos and biker regalia lingers a moment on a city street .
several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .
a little boy using a drill to make a hole in a piece of wood .
a young boy wearing green goggles and blue pants skiing .
a soldier is looking at binoculars into the mountainous landscape .
a woman is sitting by her dried flower display at an outside market .
an area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded with many people of whom look like tourists .
a boy is playing a game with his friends .
an africanamerican man is standing outside around other people getting ready to throw a dart .
a child that is dressed as spiderman is ringing the doorbell .
a man in an orange jacket and pants standing in the street looking at a orange truck .
two men one man selling fruit the other inspecting the fruit and conversing with the seller .
a man is sitting on door steps in front of a house .
a middle eastern boy is wearing a black shirt and carrying a blue bag and a blue bucket .
a middleaged man is taping up the knee of a younger football player who is sitting on a trainers table .
the bike leader pedals for his life as competing countries gain his tail .
an asian woman is jumping in celebration in a park outside the city .
men are standing on and about a truck carrying a white substance .
three boys are playing outside and two are holding a giant ball that looks like a globe while the other jumps up high over it .
an older man is making cotton candy while others look on .
a foreign woman is sitting with a lot of colorful fabric .
a man wearing a red gray and blue shirt and a hat .
man with mardi gras beads around his neck holding pole with banner .
a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
an individual in snow gear running through a snowy field on snowshoes on a bright winters day .
a sergeant leads his troops in formation inside a large room with lots of flags in the background .
a man sitting with an elderly homeless person in a park .
woman dressed in sandals skirt and hat jumping in front of a blooming lilac bush .
a man sits outside of a store playing violin with his case open on the floor waiting for offerings .
a white dog swims in the water while holding a red object in its mouth .
multiple martial artists pose with their hands in the air .
two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
one man in a red shirt and another in a gray shirt walking down a courtyard .
swimmers stand on various levels of a large diving board complex in a room with figures from mythology painted on the wall .
kid in a green and yellow windbreaker practicing karate .
the gray dog is jumping through the grass with water in the background .
a small girl wearing denim overalls and a flowered skirt reaches out to pet a seated deer .
a blond women in a brown cowboy hat makes an obscene gesture toward the camera .
the boy is wearing a green and white uniform and running towards a soccer ball .
a woman setting up for a curling competition .
multiple bodies collide in a soccer match .
a man speaks into a microphone being held by another man .
a little boy in a winnie the pooh tshirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
a woman in a black dress is pushing a cart with thermos down a paved walkway .
a band is playing music on stage at a concert .
a construction worker in an orange vest lays down cobblestones .
a young girl dressed in nice springtime clothes is strolling on a lawn by a manmade creek and pond .
a man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform .
a motel valet man wearing a trench coat pushing a load of luggage .
man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt .
scene of a person shoveling snow citizens walking around in a cold winter environment .
four women sit looking at something beyond the camera .
three smiling people are behind a microphone in front of a tent and a flag .
people are dancing and clapping there hands .
a grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter .
a man watching 4 computer screens in a closed office with a window in the background .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
construction workers chat with one another beside a cement filled hole .
topless old man wearing slippers navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside .
a young man is carrying something in a large black plastic garbage bag .
these men in white suits with guitars look like they are at a mardi gras parade .
man red jacket wears an apron and stands against the backdrop of a colorfully painted wall .
a group of young people are riding a speedboat on the water .
a boy plays soccer in a field near an apartment building .
three ladies enjoying a stroll on a cold foggy day .
black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
a man is standing with his arms crossed at a train station .
three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
a kid in a broncos football team jersey and hat is standing at a tailgating party .
a man sitting in the passengers seat of a blue sanitation truck smiling .
a child wearing a hat and jacket is outside running on a stone surface .
a woman in a colorful outfit is walking by a white truck filled with bottles .
a man haves fun with a lady friend by sticking out his tongue .
a man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on .
man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him .
a dog walking through a small stream with a rag in his mouth .
there is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
a lady in a bright pink shirt is pulling a hot food cart .
a tattooed performer wearing jean overalls and a baseball cap is addressing the crowd on the microphone .
a kid wearing headphones sits on his moms shoulders while in a crowd .
a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .
a man and a woman are walking in the middle of a street .
roller derby girl skating with intensity .
a girl is smelling a mushroom that a woman is holding up to her face .
with a tub resting on its outer roof flags attached the car is ready to take off for the rally .
a man in a black hat is standing with a group of people inside a stadium .
a group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right .
a person is standing next to a wooden fence with flowering trees nearby .
a white person in black pants is looking at the scenery around them .
an older woman in a sweater stirs a pot of food in the kitchen .
two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road .
two young men are getting ready to sail on their blue boat while two women sit and watch .
a woman painting her face while a child with a mohawk holds a mirror .
three people are dancing in front of a man playing a guitar .
a crowd of spectators in a stadium watch a nighttime tennis match .
a lady holding a purse stands in an airport while a security guard watches behind her .
a woman in a blue and red uniform is rollerskating .
a group of people stand on a brick path .
a girl in a black tank with cargo shorts to what appears to be dancing with several people around .
a woman with a hat operates a machine on the wood railing .
a man with a blue backpack reads the paper while waiting to board the subway .
two asian children a boy and a girl are standing on the floor next to a tree .
a black dog jumps into the water to get a frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
five men all of whom are wearing white coats are standing next to lambs in an enclosed area .
two emergency response workers are putting blocks underneath a train .
a brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore .
a football player is sandwiched between two football players on the opposing team .
a teenage boy on a bicycle does tricks .
some in a group of young students sitting on a rug are raising their hands .
a man in a red shirt in the doorway of a laundry mat .
brightly dressed women gathering around a blue and white striped umbrella .
three men stand around a cart near some motorcycles .
a man and woman veterinarian checking on a very large tiger laying on the ground .
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other .
a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her .
an asian woman poses on a bench with shopping bags .
an athletic woman is kickboxing a punching bag practicing her skills .
three college age men jump up in the air with a green lawn underneath them .
a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it .
the guy in the black sweater is looking onto the table below .
a few people are walking on a street through a busy city on a nice day .
a group of people on a stage at the jp morgan corporate challenge .
two young women sitting on a bench across the street from a nightclub .
two people eat hamburgers on lawn chairs while a third drinks a can of soda .
a man is surfing in a wetsuit and is coming out of the curl .
two teams one in pink and one in white play lacrosse on a field .
two men are about to enter an ice fishing tent on a snow covered lake .
a man lounges in his room without eating for days .
a man in a green hat and gray jacket sits outside on a street corner .
in a public area a young girl in a pink dress sits next to an older woman who works a primitive device to make brown thread .
two men standing on a sidewalk with a tiny dog with a pink lacy collar on .
man wearing an purple shirt working in a biology lab .
a white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
a man in a colorful buttonup tshirt is pouring what appears to be barbecue sauce onto something .
a man with a ski cap and neon yellow jacket looking down with a tree behind him .
the two little sisters in their pink pajamas are playing with their dollhouse and getting along so well .
a woman looks at her cellphone while sitting on stone steps .
a man lays down on a snowbank that has piled up high around the front door of his house .
a group of three friends are conversing inside of a home .
a middleaged man holds two boys hands as they cross a street .
a man wearing a bright multicolor helmet is sitting on a motorcycle .
a man in a red and white striped shirts sits on a stool at a hotdog stand .
a young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country .
a woman is standing with her hands on her hips facing the camera while others go about their business in the background .
a woman bundled in an orange coat is walk in front of glass windows .
toddler in a green shirt is brushing his teeth with a yellow toothbrush while being supervised by mom .
two women with their baby strollers walking along a leaves covered street .
two girls in blue dresses with seethrough red veils pose on a stage .
an asian person is talking on a cellphone on the street while wearing a blue coat .
a bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
many of the chairs are empty with only a few people enjoying the sun .
a tractor is moving dirt to help build up a retaining wall .
an old man in orange is holding a cane and looking at a younger male .
a couple is walking along a footbridge with a view of an auto bridge in the distance .
a man walks past a woman on a sidewalk as he looks back at her .
a yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
the black and white dog is running on the grass .
a young girl wearing a dress and sandals runs in the grass .
five construction workers in hard hats and yellow vests are busy at work .
two men are behind an organ with very large organ pipes and one onlooker in the background .
a group of police officers are congregating near their mobile command post .
a black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
a girl wearing a colorful hat sits on a woven mat .
a black and white dog stands neck deep in clear water .
a cashier with a black goodies sweatshirt is counting change .
two rodeo clowns one young and one an adult waiting their ques .
a large group of men in military garb standing on a field with a crowd behind them .
a young man and an older woman sitting together in a restaurant .
this is a young man getting some airtime on his skateboard .
a woman with multicolored hair wearing a leopard print jacket and red glasses shows a woman in a yellowcheck scarf something on a camera .
a bearded man in a blue print shirt is playing a brass instrument .
a tattoo artist applying tattoo ink to the skin .
a lady with two kids dressed in black jumpers looking at a girl with a pink jacket while a man and a woman talk behind the lady .
three weirdly dressed men playing in some form of musical fiasco .
a group of men in a darkened room playing musical instruments .
someone in a lime green shirt is holding on to a tree .
two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up .
a man is letting a child in a brown jacket ride on his shoulders .
a man is exiting a portapotty relieved he can smell fresh air .
a girl opening her bottled drink while having lunch with a friend .
three men are walking down a road with trees along the edges .
a woman in a red dress and black mask is on a crowded dance floor .
a child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock .
a man wearing a black jacket and pants sits slumped on a bench with a banner in spanish in the background .
a snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
two people on bicycles one is wearing white and black and the other is wearing blue and red .
three runners are on a track and two of them are jumping hurdles .
a man in a red harlequin costume leaps across the stage .
a woman in a red shirt sitting at a desk at a music academy .
a woman and a child sit together in a door frame along a gray sidewalk as a man and two women walk past .
three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch .
a boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
a young darkhaired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people .
a mother in a blue beret and blue shoes with her two sons .
the man in black tries to amuse the lady in white by picking his nose .
a woman wearing a pink shirt showing a man with a striped sweater how to do some work with yarn .
lots of people are walking they participate in a parade .
a woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
a man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day .
a custodian is talking to another man by an elevator .
someone is standing inside a concrete division and holding a tool .
a man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
a man plays a guitar while another man swings his head down while holding tight to a microphone .
a boy with an orange shirt smiles while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
a couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin .
a smiling man carrying a girl while running through water .
the marathon runners draw the race to a close as their supporters cheer .
two professional motorbike riders negotiating a tight right corner .
a girl sitting in a dark bar .
a child sits smiling in front of a plate of watermelon and strawberries .
a young man in a green sweatshirt reads a newspaper on the beach .
people are walking along an icy pass .
a little girl is making a gesture with her fingers and smiling while a boy laughs in the forefront .
a man with a disability who doesnt have legs is walking with another man who is entered into a marathon .
a man in a white boat is rowing through fog .
the girl with the long ponytail prepared to throw the ball to another player on the field .
two women with short hair are facing each other and the blond one is talking .
a couple wearing white shirts are walking down the street while using their cellphones .
a football is airborne near a man in gray sweatpants and some other people .
a city street crowded with pedestrians outside a building with illuminated blue words .
a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings .
a man in athletic gear is jumping and kneeing another man in the head and chest .
two children wearing yellow rain jackets are playing in the mud .
a team of soccer players is huddled and having a serious discussion .
a father is spoon feeding his baby girl as she smiles .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding an upset looking baby over her shoulder .
a man wearing a black tshirt is preparing a meal following directions from a recipe book .
a man displays his food on the outside counter of his restaurant .
there are people on a snowy mountain and they are hiking with ski poles .
two men seated sidebyside look at something on a computer that one man is pointing to with a pen .
a redheaded woman is closing her eyes on a day with a dark atmosphere .
two people are crossing the street even though the sign says they should not be .
a man and woman pushing strollers are walking by some people who are selling items in tents .
a person wearing a red longsleeved shirt is lying down on a wall in front of a lamp post in a very unusual manner .
a woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow .
two centers one wearing white and the other yellow face off in a national hockey league game .
a boy in jeans black tshirt and blue cap on a bike leaps over steps .
three people on two dirtbikes and one fourwheeler are riding through brown grass .
a band playing in an outdoor theater along the river .
a woman in a black dress walks on a sidewalk of new york city during the day .
man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event .
a woman in a black dress and fluffy earmuffs walking down the street .
people in a conference room having a meeting that involves a mac computer and a presentation .
a young girl wearing sandals carries what appears to be bedding of some sort .
a man sitting outside making something with some kind of tool .
lone man with a large fishing rod fishing in a inlet .
a girl wearing a white shirt black shorts and a headband is playing volleyball .
a cowboy wrangling a horse in a rodeo as the horse does a back kick .
an indian man sits outside of a restaurant at a table .
you have a middleaged lady who is taking a picture of a river in her sandals .
an oriental man riding a bike with a basket down a wet street .
a man with blue boxing gloves is throwing punches .
woman wearing black snow pants and jacket walking down a snowy hill .
some men are looking at a computer screen in an office .
two men dressed in white uniforms one with black pants are doing karate .
children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girls face .
three people are sitting outside at a table with artwork leaning against it .
a man is standing on a stage playing an instrument in front of a crowd of people .
man working on the railroad in a railroad station .
a group of fishermen on a boat tied up in a bay with piles of driftwood near them .
a man wearing a black backpack is walking beside a graffiti filled wall .
a street performer in an orange jumpsuit rides a tall unicycle as a crowd watches .
a black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
a man and woman seated at a table converse while another couple standing at the bar behind them does the same .
a man in a black apron beside a huge grill filled with sorted meats .
a man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar .
a woman standing on a high cliff on one leg looking over a river .
two white dogs look at one black dog on a paved walkway .
a man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children .
a man having a beer and roasting a hotdog the old fashioned way on a stick over a fire pit .
man sitting down at table apparently in thought with billboard of womens face in background .
the band lynyrd skynyrd performing on a stage that has trees painted on a red background .
a soccer player wearing a green shirt is jogging on the field .
a man in a yellow shirt is trying to perform a trick on a bicycle .
a man moving flowers while a woman makes a gesture at him .
a white dog is jumping on the street .
a wideeyed person brandishes an axe while wearing a fur hat and traditional medieval garb .
a group of children taking a group shot with a clear blue sky behind them .
two men engage in conversation in an outdoor setting while additional people stand and sit nearby .
an elderly man is walking a brown dog using a red leash .
men wearing yellow suits are on stage with a piano and one man is playing an upright bass .
five dancers with their hands above their heads wearing foreign costumes .
a puppy runs in a grassy field a dirt road in the background .
a young woman and a young man are stretching for a lesson in dance class .
a crowd of people are gathered at the start sign for the walk .
a woman in leopard print leggings pushes a stroller while a man in a blue dress shirt walks by her on the street .
a line of several people standing on the street side .
an airborne kid is watched by his launcher and others .
a young boy is holding a black electric guitar .
a man in a green shirt is kissing a crying toddler whilst watching runners in a road race .
a man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
a group of people on a crowded sidewalk boarding a doubledecker bus .
two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
a man wearing olive drab clothing is holding himself up off the ground with his hands .
a mariachi band plays a song on the sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sign that says come on now whats gayer than tea .
a man and a woman walk down the sidewalk with a stroller and a young boy on a scooter .
two black men look at camera while hanging out next to a cart that is pulled by a human .
a man holding a microphone speaking to a group of people outside .
two construction workers tying something to a crane .
onlookers stand behind a metal barricade while an asian man and a black man wearing a nun outfit and red tennis shoes run down the street .
a man in a military uniform training a dog in what appears to be a park .
a little girl in a pink dress is carrying a big vinyl ball outside in the grass .
camels resting in a desert village as the sun reflects off the dust and the mountains in the background .
a large crowd stand watching with a large buildings in the background .
a man and a woman are standing on a shore while the man fishes in the choppy water .
person is parachuting while the sun is setting in background .
a thin man talks in front of a seated crowd and explains something with his hands .
four people are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
an indian woman in a green sari is crocheting .
a guy with curly hair is skateboarding along a gray ramp with yellow letters .
there is a girl in a puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl .
the san francisco 49ers running back is tacked by the new york jets defense .
a man with a gray beard sitting outside on a plastic storage crate .
a room full of sitting and standing adults and children and eight pink and black balloons hanging from the ceiling .
a girl in a white shirt poses and smiles as someone holds up a peace sign behind her .
two men guard the man with the basketball during a game at dusk .
two white longhaired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor .
a carnival game operator takes the money of two willing contestants .
a blond woman in a white outfit is reading a book on a brown couch .
a group of young girls dressed in mostly black are sitting .
this old asian woman rests and fans herself on an apparently hot day in the city .
a bearded bald man in a tan striped shirt rests his head on another mans arm .
a young girl fastens a necklace onto another girls neck while a third watches .
a three man band is performing on stage .
a child is playing with two white and black geese .
a boy wearing a hat and swim trunks stands on the beach while holding his towel .
a person in a jacket and wearing jeans kneels down to take a picture of a graffitiladen wall .
two rubbish men standing on theyre truck loading trash .
a closeup of a childs face eating a blue heart shaped lollipop .
a black man is watching another black man playing in the waterfall .
a little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads .
a snow skier flies through the air while other skiers going up the tow rope look on .
a child slides across home base during a game of children playing baseball .
the beautiful oriental building is being occupied .
participants are on horses competing in a game .
a small crowd of businessmen wait for their subway train .
three young men and 1 young lady are protesting about the exploitation of young workers .
sitting casually in a public place a girl reads holding the book open with her hand on which is a butterfly ring .
a young woman in a black shirt is taking an elevator down with her luggage and is gazing back in a distressed way .
a woman is looking at an unusually designed house with a small gate .
protesters protesting age discrimination on the main streets after refusing a word from their employer .
a woman playing the violin with posters in the background .
a man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
a man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch .
a man wearing a black tshirt is playing seven string bass a stage .
a group of people is walking down the street carrying green and red flags .
an older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background .
a group of people are standing outside taking pictures .
a group of youngsters swim in lake water .
a waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes .
a young woman in a black tanktop directs her friends on a sports field .
two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side .
wearing sound muffling ear protection and special glasses a woman smiles as she fires a gun while a man looks on .
a group of children run a footrace in the snow .
a couple kissing at their wedding after saying i do .
the man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an english pub .
a brunet male in a brown blazer talking to an audience at a comedian show .
a man in a gray shirt talks to a young woman in a white jacket in front of a church .
a young man rides a self built bicycle across the street .
an elderly man wearing navy blue is sitting on a bench along the street .
the burro handler in taking the burros back to their stall for dinner and a rest .
a gaseous cloud churns above a large group of people in a dark courtyard .
a bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers .
soft large discs are being stacked on a spindle in an industrial environment by one man as another looks on .
a man with a big white e on his shirt sings into a microphone on stage .
a man is riding his bicycle through the woods .
a blond woman sits beside three other men and stares down at the counter .
a competitive runner taking her first sprint in a competition .
three elderly men are sitting next to each other .
a man works on top of a metal trap door in front of a bike shop .
a baby looking up at a leafy branch above her head .
a man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle with flaming batons in hand .
a young boy wearing a giants jersey swings a baseball bat at an incoming pitch .
ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball .
a firefighter spraying water on the flames of a large fire .
a boy stands goofily in the middle of a social gathering .
an older man with glasses raises his eyebrows in surprise .
an older overweight man flips a pancake while making breakfast .
a man wearing a shirt containing cherries is pulling a cart with bags on it .
a group of people bundled in cold weather clothing standing in an empty lot with a forest in the background .
a man in a blue shirt is building a sand castle at the beach .
boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
a man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
a son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church .
one man and two women wearing shorts walk down the street .
a man in a tan shirt about to send a green bowling ball down the lane .
man and woman in black stand close together on the street .
a blond girl plays the cello in a plywoodpaneled room .
a family grandparents parents and children are sitting in front of a fireplace and a christmas tree opening presents .
a dog is jumping playing with a ball that has broken .
several people are enjoying a cigarette near an ashtray .
there is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
a man is singing into a microphone while his band plays .
two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner .
eight go kart racers speed around the curves at fast paced speeds as they all race of the same goal of finishing first on their mind as the compete in a race .
two asian girls playing paper rock scissors .
a woman wearing a gray coat looks through a landscope at a nature center .
cop wrestle one man with his hand sticking up in the air as other cops watch .
a man wearing a big white hat and a logo tshirt is playing guitar and singing .
men in orange suits watching a machine dig near what looks to be subway tracks .
a young boy perched on top of a mountain overlooking the scenery beneath him .
a woman and three children are picking something out of a blue trashcan .
blondhaired man wearing a black fleece jacket sculpting .
a little girl is laying down on her back on a hardwood floor looking out of the corner of her eyes at a smaller child who is wearing pajamas a hairnet and a surgical mask .
one football player in a red jersey jumping onto a player wearing a white jersey .
a group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
a child that is on the bank of a lake pointing something out in the sky .
a little girl of asian descent is sitting in a black bucket eating a marshmallow with a big smile on her face .
green traffic signals light up as people look at motorcycles .
a woman carrying a trader joes grocery bag has fallen asleep on the train .
a man with glasses and a little girl with a life jacket swimming in a pool .
a group is playing music on stage in front of a crowd of people .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
a baseball player with a red helmet and white pants is tagged by the catcher while running to home base .
young man in a red hat gray shirt and jeans performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .
a woman in a blue shirt and jeans is throwing something away in a dumpster .
two people one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience .
a young lady wearing blue and black is running past an orange cone .
people having some lunch after a church service in san antonio texas united states .
male guitarist wearing glasses on stage while lights shine in the back .
a young man is playing an organ while an old man in a yellow shirt watches .
a little girl wearing striped pants a pink top and boots follows two older girls on horseback .
a dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange frisbee .
people hanging out indoors as one walks toward the door .
a girl with face paint and an orange sweater stands with her party .
two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
a young man sits on the floor in a room full of bags suitcases and packages .
a group of numbered participants walk down the street together .
four teenage boys sit on concrete in front of a sign .
a man dressed in a dark blue jacket and pants sits in the street while wearing old time flying goggles and a hat .
three men in suits are posing for a photo with their hands together .
a waitress in a white tshirt serving guests at a restaurant .
a hot air balloon touching down with a mans shadow in the background .
a guy with long hair a ball cap and a blue shirt is smiling as he walks along the boardwalk .
a young blond woman wearing a yellow shirt walking down a sidewalk .
a couple sits on a bench talking while a woman walks a dog in the background .
a woman wearing a tan vest is sitting in a chair is a crowded street .
a man in a stone street painting a picture while children are milling about .
a man in a black shirt is talking to a man squatting down wearing a white shirt .
a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike .
a man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them .
an old asian woman wearing a straw hat maroon pants and mismatched blouses is sitting between two bicycles .
a man wearing a sleeveless shirt and sunglasses standing next to two children .
a woman is watching her child who is in front of a chicken inside a cage .
a masked martial artist wielding a practice sword against an opponent .
during a soccer game a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball .
a white and brown dog is leaping through the air .
two small brightly dressed african children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor .
a man is standing beside a ladder facing it with tree debris all around him .
the fedex driver listens to the workman in the green hard hat while the equipment to ship is being loaded .
one man is riding a dirt bike while wearing a red and white protective suit and helmet .
a woman in black pants napping on the couch .
a woman in a blue shirt playing a wind instrument .
two chinese people are standing by a chalkboard .
two woman stand on a building ledge and look down on a city .
a young blondhaired man speaks into a microphone .
one man plays guitar while another plays the drums on a stage .
a man walks down an empty street noticing objects in the road before him .
street vendor straightening merchandise on the table .
a brown dog is bending down trying to drink from a jet of water .
a uniformed man stands next to a door with arms raised in front of his face .
two ladies in jeans stood in front of three young children with fair hair .
a snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump .
a caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward .
four young girls reading a book in the back of a car with boxes of produce .
a group of people running a charity marathon .
a large white building with many palm trees in front and a man with his hands in his pockets walking by .
a man in a gray tshirt works the bellows to start a fire on a brick oven inside a wooden shed .
two women and many children are walking single file down the street .
two men in coat stand at a table with beakers and alcohol bottles .
young karate participants sparring competitively .
