people jogging in a marathon .
an indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
man pretends to be a medieval metal worker .
many asian children made a train under a viet nam sign .
two men behind a circular bar in a room filled with people .
two children having a karate match .
white dog running through snow .
two people are at a park .
students working in art class .
a person in the water .
a man is holding a raw chicken .
a man is standing outside a store looking in the window .
a black dog digs in the snow .
two men in red fight .
man grasping motor as he gazes into the distance .
a group of seamen talking in front of a boat .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
a girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone .
twp children dig holes in the dirt .
a person is crossing the street .
a college dance or singing crew performing on campus .
girl smiling on roller coaster .
a street side restaurant .
a mother and son smiling as they sled downhill .
two dentists are working on a girls teeth .
country people chatting outside .
a woman walking with 4 kids .
the man is up in the air .
a child on a rock formation .
a hairy man steps out of the swimming pool .
children are swinging in the air .
students being taught to fix bikes .
a man and woman sleeping on a bench .
a man is standing up while a woman in purple pants sits down as he does her hair .
woman holding dog on street .
two girls sit near a wall and watch a sporting event .
two men workers doing their job with their supervisor .
a man in a gray shirt sits back in a chair .
five members of a band are playing a song .
a boy performing stunts on his bike .
a man is playing guitar in a band .
a man plays a keyboard and sings .
a lady in a bikini doing a cartwheel in the sand .
a wet girl wearing a white shirt and a necklace .
a person is parasailing near a beach .
children bathe in water from large drums .
the young people party in the streets .
a woman in a red shirt plays a cello .
a young man maneuvering in the air with a skateboard .
two small girls dressed as fairies .
a girl smiles while holding her bike in a field .
ethnic dancers perform in unison .
there is a skateboarder jumping in the air .
street performers putting on a show .
two men talking next to a building .
a middleaged man works at a desk station .
the woman in the blue hat is cutting food .
a class of students are raising their hands .
an old man walking with a folder in his hand .
a bmx rider makes a jump .
a group of people on stage .
the man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
a woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky .
a brown and white dog is running down a ramp .
a black man in a suit standing next to a wall .
a group of girls in dresses dancing .
a group of people lie close together on a hardwood floor .
a woman wearing a drafty dress .
a man in a cluttered office is using the telephone .
the dog takes a rest in the park .
a woman posing near a cliff .
a girl riding a toy horse in a spiderman costume .
a man reading a newspaper while walking down the street .
two girls at a smart car display .
a man cooking on a grill .
the dog is running .
skateboarder on a rail .
a young girl plays her instrument at a concert .
one boy sitting off to the side all alone .
people at work landscaping an area .
a child sitting on her dads shoulders in a crowd .
a man empties a bag of white crystals into a swimming pool .
a boy in an orange shirt with blue trim is smiling .
equestrian competing in a competition .
a man and woman taking a nap on a makeshift rip .
dogs fight in grass over toy .
group of workers at the olympics .
a band performing at a local bar or club .
lots of people walking down a street .
a man is sleeping on the bus .
a person parasailing on a wave .
a bird flies across the water .
a child and three adults picking up on the beach .
a young man with no shirt on is riding a bike .
a row of pc gamers focusing on their screens .
three women chatting and drinking in a living room at christmas time with a christmas tree presents and a fireplace in the background .
a female tennis player hitting the ball .
a man in a green shirt and red sunglasses .
a family enjoying a day at the beach .
a man in blue and a man in red box each other .
three dogs in the snow .
a group of women and a dog are discussing amongst each other .
two women in print dresses are walking together .
a man sitting in the street selling sunglasses .
a man in a red life vest is riding in a canoe .
festively dressed women sing .
a messy baby is sticking his hand under a running faucet .
a man balancing a ball on his arm .
a clown makes a balloon sculpture for a fan .
girl jumps to spike volleyball .
some construction workers doing their job .
a dog jumping for a frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
two children and a bald man scuba dive in a pool .
an older man seasoning a shish kabob .
a well dressed man and woman are posing for a picture .
two young boys practice kickboxing .
two guys one with a basketball in his hand are jumping .
a man in yellow jacket rides a bike .
a kid is doing a handstand on the beach .
two men looking at a screen .
a little girl outside playing .
an asian lady is cooking various dishes .
a woman is on her hands and knees cleaning a rug .
girl in polka dot cap swimming .
a group of people collect around a man in a suit and a little boy .
a woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air .
little boy on swing .
people enjoying drinks in a crowded bar .
a man in a wheelchair is pushed along while he lifts a torch .
a woman in a green shirt with a flag painted on her cheek .
a female ups worker stacks boxes .
a man with a shovel prepares the fire for cooking .
a man photographing tulips .
a man talks to a group of people .
woman with blue hair at a large gathering .
two dogs are running in a field .
the dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
people shopping in chinese market .
jockeys racing horses at high speed .
three men examining a bicycle .
young girls playing soccer .
workmen on a fishing boat .
a woman is riding a scooter on the sidewalk .
a trailer drives down a red brick road .
a brown dog jumping in the air in a pond .
a boy is hanging on monkey bars .
three women and a baby sit on a blue blanket outside .
interior of yellow car is filmed .
a young boy rests in a hospital bed .
woman in a produce store looking at strawberries .
people laughing and eating cotton candy .
a gymnast in a white leotard is about to catch a red ball .
two young people are wearing costumes .
two kids smiling and holding a card .
two dogs play in the grass .
a girl in a pink bathing suit doing high jumps on a beach .
a fisherman holding a lot of mussels .
a boy stands alone in a classroom .
three kids frolic through autumn leaves .
young man standing on one hand in front of an audience .
a peaceful rowboat during dusk .
two girls and two guys walking down the street .
a man is carving beef in a restaurant .
a dog walks out of the water .
a man in glasses holds up his dog .
a little girl happily jumping on a bed .
a toddler is sitting at a table eating a snack .
a woman with a pink jacket has her arms folded across her chest .
woman putting orange rose in mans jacket .
two older people are sharing a dish .
two kids dancing at a dance recital .
the girl is smiling and walking to her house .
children play football .
a homeless person is taking a nap .
people ride upsidedown on a roller coaster .
people looking at books in a store .
a truck climbs a muddy hill .
a small boy leaps from one bed to another .
2 violinists in front of a microphone and a guitar player in the background .
two men work hard loading up a flatbed truck .
a young boy waters a tree with a garden hose .
people are looking at records .
the man in the pool is swimming .
hands holding a frying pan .
a couple of hikers taking a break to take a picture .
a black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis .
a bluehaired woman sits alone among a crowd of people .
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .
two huskies pull a sled with a man in a blue jacket .
a woman is blow drying her hair .
men and women in a crowd are holding signs .
a lady painting on a public wall .
a woman is taking care of a sheep .
a curlyhaired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture .
two photographers cataloging an event .
a man holding girl at top of a slide .
a group of people are in a street .
a man in a black robe is walking into a old building .
three children play outside with bubbles .
runners competing in a race .
a black man is getting a haircut .
ladies stand for a picture at an event .
a female soccer player is throwing the ball into the field .
beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer .
a man is taking a picture of a woman by a fountain .
a pedicab driver waiting on his bike .
people ice skating on a frozen pond .
a toddler in a denim hats plays in a tire .
a young girl is washing her teddy bear in the kitchen sink .
a man pushing a sofa on the street .
a man in glasses is reading off a paper .
male singer crowd surfing .
a little girl peering over a blue wall .
a dog is jumping in the air over some leaves .
two people are playing a board game .
two girls enjoying and sharing their ideas .
a dirt biker in the mud .
man on the phone in front of a neon sign .
people sit in front of and walk by a building with large columns .
two men are smiling and riding bicycles .
a team of people standing across from each other in front of a large crowd .
a team prepares to play football .
two women sharing a glass of beer .
man driving race car number 7 .
a man in a white hoodie relaxes in a chair by a fountain .
four young kids playing with empty canisters .
mother laughing with her child .
a woman takes a picture as it snows .
a football coach speaks with a player .
a view of a street lined with large clean buildings .
this little girl is putting on a helmet .
a large building in the city in the sunlight .
a group of people sitting outside on a deck .
a tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball .
the shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball .
an upsidedown child above a trampoline .
old man sitting near a metal fence outside looking towards a car .
a car is driven on a dusty track .
mixing some concoction with hands .
a little girl donates to the salvation army .
a large football player in a red uniform .
two women in shortshorts and high heels are walking .
soldiers march up the street during a parade .
five workers on a muddy field .
the lady smiles on a clear day .
a woman walks under the shade of her umbrella .
a brown dog running through tall grass .
a woman in green presents tips about zombies with a projector .
boy in camouflage crawls on floor .
a woman in a green shirt is walking down a crowded street .
two men walking down a dirt path .
a man is hugging a snowman .
a person on a bmx bike .
two men using a pay phone .
many people eating at a banquet .
a large crowd swarming a guy .
a crowd follows a queue line in a bookstore .
a woman plays an instrument and a drummer sits behind her .
kids playing outside having fun .
three people are in a sailboat on the water .
two women in blue suits sitting on the pavement .
woman waiting at crossing and looking at something to the left .
boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
two soldiers mounted on horseback .
young child eating a cookie .
a dog catches a ball in midair .
several men walking past a tent notice a sign .
a man on a dock is standing by a boat .
a couple walk hand in hand down a street .
man rock climbing looking up the rock .
two girls playing basketball .
a performer interacting with the crowd .
the kids are running a relay race .
people getting ready to ride bikes .
a man in a black hat posses for a picture .
a crowd is gathered together .
two black and white dogs running in a flowery field .
a woman selling her homemade products .
people standing waiting for a subway .
children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
a group of people hold hands on the beach .
two people riding blue bikes across a street .
a guy with a scarf and woven toboggan .
people shopping in an open produce market .
a young woman bundled up in her winter gear .
people in a market selling their produce .
man and women walking on the street .
a woman in white plays a black guitar .
girl wearing blue jeans doing tricks on a bike .
people walking along a city street .
four people are sitting on a bus .
a mother and two children reading something .
men on a canoe ride in the river .
a dog with a ball that is running in a field .
a woman getting her face drawn on .
a young lady at a park grilling chicken .
a band in the studio .
a woman wearing a blue shirt opens a gift .
a woman holding roses while she waits .
a jeep gets wheel high in mud .
children sitting on a elephant in the woods .
two adults hug each other .
gay pride parade attendees and float participants in bondage outfits .
man in black prepares to tenpin bowl .
a man and woman sit by a pile of luggage .
a city worker inspects the street .
two girls in blue are skiing .
a black man is jumping and a crowd is gathered .
a man and a woman repairing a bicycle tire .
a person laying on a bench in front of a water feature .
two men competing in martial arts .
a dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a young man standing and watching carefully .
three men ride in a dark blue car .
here are 2 moms listening to a toddler .
some guys playing pool together .
a boy is getting his haircut .
two black dogs in the snow .
two boys in a tent smile for the camera .
a boy preparing to throw a snowball .
a person paddling a boat .
a man rows a boat against a night sky .
a child walking on a fallen tree .
a woman getting a bag of ice at a store .
a white dog drinks water on a mountain .
a brown dog carrying a stick .
priest showing his love of jesus with a cross .
two cars got into a bad accident .
the man holds a light sabre .
a man holds an infant while leaning against a building .
child stands near edge of cliff .
two children are enjoying themselves on a trampoline .
the boy is bouncing on the red couch .
young boy with a broom sweeps a deck in a wooded area .
children on the beach with their dog .
one veteran guy driving a green oliver tractor in a parade .
children are playing at the playground .
a man in sunglasses sits on rocks .
a dog and his trainer at a challenge .
man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair .
man standing alone on the street .
a man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench .
group of people by a lake .
a man is standing on a street alone beneath a balcony .
a man fixing some type of vehicle in the background of 2 vases .
kids conversing and learning in class .
a crowd of people sit outside to eat .
a baby sitting on a blue convertible .
a group of people jump in the sand at the beach .
the woman in a yellow tube top is throwing a stick into the thicket surrounding her .
four school children walk to school wearing warm apparel .
a man in a gold coat has a gold bicycle in the city .
a man about to eat fire in the town square .
a man in a green jacket is smiling .
a worker is sitting down near a saw .
a man wearing a coat leaning against a building .
a family is having fun in the water at a beach .
an elderly man mops the floor of an outdoor walkway .
male standing at a podium speaking .
an audience watching a performance .
a tourist enjoying nature .
a priest standing against the wooden wall and thinking .
three food industry workers share a laugh .
onlookers watch as a parade goes by with soldiers .
a starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks .
people are riding in a boat with oars .
a young boy in a red sweatshirt holds a toy ax .
a group of men are on a bus .
people riding bicycles down an alley .
an african american is looking at his phone .
a patrolman rides a horse through the city .
a group of people are gathered .
two men are in the street while one is holding flowers .
toddler playing with baby .
man playing guitar in a public place .
boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue .
a guy is riding on something down a snow hill .
a young asian girl walking forward .
two women carrying surfboards .
a womens beach volleyball game .
a man with one leg is playing volleyball .
two men on opposing teams race toward a soccer ball .
a man and a little boy beating drums .
a boy is standing outside a donut stand .
a man puts away a table .
a chinese dragon is walking in front of a building .
teller working at a bank .
two children playing on a jungle gym .
two female coworkers talk on break .
three guys outside newsmen .
a dog leaps in the air to catch a disc .
grayhaired woman perusing at outdoor market .
two boys playing a game with marbles .
people outside walking and enjoying a sunny day .
villager pouring water into cooking pot .
two females fight in a tournament to win the round .
an old lady working at a cash registrar .
a little girl putting a red ball up to her mouth .
a woman in a dress taking a picture with her cellphone .
girl in red jumping for joy .
a man parasails in the waves .
the members of one direction singing on stage .
two men on a boat fishing .
man in a white shirt asleep at a desk .
boy pulls other boy over back .
an old man sits with a tray in his lap .
a baby wearing a knit hat sleeps .
five young men pose on the steps .
a man in a yellow shirt is using some kind of a device .
man in a green jacket sitting on steps .
two males one white and one black singing and playing the guitar .
two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
two women are smiling at an event .
two people watching a boat sail past .
two men selling food on a busy street .
a man in a hat and apron is cooking food .
a woman enjoys a fruity drink .
a couple of army men playing baseball .
a brown dog runs along a fence .
a man in a green hat poses in the mountains .
two dogs playing with a ball .
the men fight during the game .
a race to beat a record time .
two children play beneath a metal statue .
a rock climber climbs a steep mountain .
a guy with glasses and nose ring brushing his teeth .
a soldier describes his camera to a local boy .
an olympic winner takes home two medals .
a red plane flying over a cruise ship .
an artist is painting outside .
a woman in white blowing bubbles .
street musician is playing the chinese violin .
three girls in a classroom with blue and brown desks .
children in a field at dusk .
a woman and child signing a large white banner .
two girls playing on a tree with their dog .
bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull .
men playing a soccer game .
a man with silver hair leading a woman through some dance moves .
a scottish band playing in a park .
a man in an orange robe sweeping outside .
a woman in a blue shirt riding a bike .
a policeman wearing an earpiece at a parade .
two men sit around a shiny grill .
baby wrapped in soft pink onesie lying in leaves .
three people stand in a doorway .
a kid hanging upside down from a tree .
people are walking around a park area .
two girls are constructing something out of clay .
two boats racing one white and one red boat speeding on the lake .
a little girl in a rain puddle .
animals in the snow .
a woman riding a horse is chasing a cow .
the three children are in a cage .
a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks .
customers shopping at an outdoor fruit market .
a man in a leather jacket playing an instrument .
dog with head in snow .
a boy in a black cloak with a fake sword .
the people are waiting in line .
a red telephone box sits in the middle of a crowded sidewalk .
girl in red and black raising her leg .
the boy with the flag is walking in the road .
a man using a razor in front of a beach .
a young beautiful girl is responding to someone who is talking to her .
the person at the beach is wearing a pink wig .
a brown and black dog by a tree .
a baby in a walker and an older child nearby .
a bmx biker performs stunts on a hilly track .
a man with black hair and blond tips talks on his cellphone .
an artist working on an ice sculpture .
man with long hair plays electric guitar .
man holding broken glass toward camera .
a man stands on scaffolding painting a wall in a coral color .
a group of people having a good time .
a pair of older boys play guitars .
people eating at an outdoor event .
woman carrying a plaid bag on her head .
a dog swims in the ocean .
two guys talking in front of a sink .
a woman is hula hooping in front of an audience .
little girl running to a woman .
dogs playing in the yard .
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air .
dog training on the mountain .
a dirt biker rides down a trail .
a carpenter takes a break to read a book .
two women play sand volleyball .
a pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
a young boy sitting with a book .
two men talking to each other outside .
some skiers at a resort .
a group of people at a festival .
a young man is skateboarding on a cement block wall .
two dogs bound across the grass next to a road .
a man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree .
a man throwing a pack of bread .
children are playing a sport on a field .
two girls play a competitive game of frisbee .
a dog with big ears in the street .
two girls walking down the street .
three dogs play in water .
a girl is wearing a large blue and red hat .
african kids stare throughwindow .
two people are dancing around with people watching them .
woman in coat outside a house while snowing .
two protesters hold signs during a rally .
group of musicians playing on the street .
this is some sort of band or symphony practicing .
a kid juggling balls in the middle of traffic .
a person skateboarding near a windmill .
people are sitting at a bar that overlooks a street .
two men wearing sombreros in new york city .
two guys are walking down a sidewalk .
a man with a large hat in the bushes .
man playing a video game on a computer .
a group of men bow their heads in front of tables of food .
two young kids are walking outside .
a man in a skirt is jumping while juggling knives .
young boy throws a rock into the water .
a woman and a older man face each other over a counter .
asians dancing with funny costumes .
a young and old hindu ringing bells at a religious ceremony .
a girl with neon redhair and eyebrows .
a man in a blue shirt blowing a trumpet .
a girl in her ballet class .
a young lady practicing dancing .
a group of girls playing flutes at a parade .
two female kickboxers one with a purple sports bra battle it out in an arena .
a young girl touches the green wire of an electrical circuit .
people taking part in a marathon .
a solider speaking into a microphone .
a group of people are posing for a picture .
a female musician with guitar is singing .
two girls in blue dresses dance .
a young girl standing in a grassy field .
older woman dressed in purple for coffee .
a black man wearing a chef uniform looking out .
4 people trying to fix a bike on a park .
a man and a young child walk along the beach shore .
two people are sitting in a station .
a motorcycle cop signaling a driver to pull over .
three women holding hands on a beach .
a coach in a white polo shirt on a football field .
a man plays tennis .
a person carrying many bags .
a crowd bathing in a body of water surrounded by a city .
a brown dog is chewing on a stick .
a tattooed man in a leather jacket stand in front of a car .
various customers checking out in a buffet line .
a boy busy concentrating on using a powerdrill .
a child snowboarder coming to a stop .
a soldier using binoculars in a desert .
a woman in an apron shopping at a market .
a crowd of people fills a square in front of a pagoda .
this man is throwing a rock .
a man in a navy tank top is about to throw something .
a boy dressed as spiderman ringing a door bell .
a firefighter standing proud in front of his truck .
a gentleman selling bananas and grapes .
a man with blue jeans on sits on a porch .
a child carries a bag and a bucket through the street .
a football player is have having his knee looked at by the teams staff .
these men are riding their bikes .
oriental lady jumping in the air with joy .
workers load sheared wool onto a truck .
two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it .
a man is making cotton candy .
an older woman from asia is making a rug .
this man is wearing a white cap or hat .
man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag .
a young couple kissing on a park bench .
a man runs through the snow with the aid of snowshoes .
army soldiers phrasing the pledge of alliance .
two men smoking outside of a park .
a woman is dancing in front of a shrub .
a violinist playing for money on a sidewalk .
a white dog swims through the water with a red toy .
a man is taking part in a religious ceremony .
two weimeraners in a field .
the guy on the right says ok lets find you a soda .
a group of high divers are getting ready to dive into the pool .
a boy in green and yellow attire is training .
a black dog running on grass .
young children like to pet the deer .
a woman in a cowboy hat is holding a cup .
a young man gets ready to kick a soccer ball .
a woman is focusing on her game of curling .
soccer players dancing in the air .
eldery man being interviewed after a race .
a boy swings a plastic bat .
a woman is taking the food to the patients .
men in a band playing on stage .
construction worker laying large granite blocks .
a young girl walks beside a stream .
craftsman hanging from a rope .
a bellhop is pushing a cart .
a man sleeping on the couch .
a main shoveling snow off the sidewalk during a cold winter day .
three women smiling and sitting down .
three women stand in front of a tent on a stage .
a group of people clapping .
a young girl and her mother making lunch .
a man sits at a desk with four computer monitors .
a skateboarder jumping down the stairs .
construction workers chatting onsite .
man relaxing in a folding chair on the street .
a boy carrying a black trash back on his back .
a group of people playing guitars in white .
a man in a red jacket and stubble stands before a mural .
man steering a boat full of people .
a boy prepares to kick a goal shot .
three women are crossing a street .
two dogs playing in the snow .
a man in a brown shirt is waiting for a train .
dogs playing in the snow .
sports fans are tailgating .
a man is sitting in a semi truck smiling .
a child running on a street next a bench .
a beat up old truck in the heart of a colorful town .
man sticking out tongue and licking smiling woman .
a rock climber goes sideways .
a bull is charging a man in an arena .
a black dog retrieves a cloth from a streambed .
a young skier looks at the camera .
street vendor in china is ready for work .
man wearing hat and overalls addresses the crowd .
a boy wearing headphones sits on a womans shoulders .
a woman takes a photograph .
a man and a woman are walking in a street .
female rollerskating athlete .
a woman put a mushroom in the mouth of a girl .
a car from the mongol rally 2009 race .
a group of people enjoying themselves in an arena .
a group of spectators enjoying an event .
a woman in a light blue shirt standing in front of gate .
a backpacker enjoying a view of nature .
a woman is preparing a soup on a stove .
two friends bike down a hill .
fishermen in africa unload their catch as two women look on .
a woman painting on makeup .
a band of four playing a gig .
a stadium full of people watching a tennis match .
a standing woman is reflected in a shiny surface .
a woman in red shorts is rollerskating .
they are posing for a picture .
a woman with a black shirt and wearing a red bandanna is dancing .
a man is fixing a banister .
a man reading a newspaper next to a train .
two children posing for a picture with one making a face .
a dog is jumping into the water .
people are judging sheep at a state fair .
two emergency workers looking under a train .
two dogs playing on a beach .
two young men tackle an opponent during a scrimmage football game .
a cyclist gets airborne on a ramp .
children raising their hands in class .
a gentleman coming out of a laundromat .
lots of people on the streets and a vendor selling her goodies .
three people looking at produce on a cart .
two people are providing some medical care to a tiger .
two boys sitting on a courtyard .
woman hangs on tree limb .
a woman with a pink purse is sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing black pants kickboxing in a dojo .
three men leap on a lawn .
a young kid at the beach .
the grayhaired man is wearing a sweater .
people walking down the busy streets in a city .
people are gathered on a stage .
two women sitting on a bench looking across the street .
several people sit in an outdoor area eating food .
a man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a wave .
five men playing an interesting sport .
a tent is being set up on the ice .
a man sleeping under a window .
a grungy looking man sits on a plaid bag in a corner outside .
two women are sitting next to each other on the ground .
two men outside drink beers outside with their pet dog .
young man working in a science lab .
a white dog runs into a lake .
an old man gets some barbecue .
a man dressed in yellow is in a cherry picker next to a stoplight .
two young girls wearing pink pajamas playing with doll furniture .
a woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone .
a man in a dark blue coat is lying in the snow outside of a home .
three men are standing together .
a family crossing a busy street together .
a man wearing a helmet is driving .
a hotdog vendor looks sad .
a man in a green sweater holds a young boy .
young women in the street wearing headscarves .
person in a long red coat walking in front of a building .
a toddlers mom is watching him brush his teeth .
two ladies walking with baby strollers .
two girls dressed in asian costumes are dancing barefoot .
a man in a coat talking on his phone on the street .
dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack .
people are lying on lounge chairs .
a yellow tractor sits on a hillside .
a boy speaks to his elder in the orange garb .
the man and women are walking outside next to the river .
a lady wearing black dress talking to a stranger .
a yellow car is drifting through snow .
a black and white dog looking up .
a young girl running on grass .
people dressed in yellow vests doing work .
several people are standing in front of an organ .
large group of police officers talking .
a black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
a woman sitting in a hut .
a dog plays in the water .
people at a supermarket checkout .
two rodeo clowns are on the dirt .
several uniformed people are standing in ceremony .
a elderly lady and a middleaged man talk over a table .
a boy with no shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
two woman examine a photograph on a camera .
a man in a bright shirt is playing trumpet .
a tattoo artist at work .
four females and two males dressed in pink and black .
a group of men in costume play music .
a five man band is rehearsing .
a worker clinging to a tree .
two men pretending to be boxing .
a small child on her fathers shoulders .
a person is coming out of a portable toilet .
a woman is sitting in a marble ledge .
three men are walking down a road .
a group of people are partying at a masquerade party .
a young boy jumps into water .
a man dressed in black sitting on a park bench by a large banner .
people on a ski lift .
two guys riding bikes on a dirt road .
three men competing in a hurdle race .
a ballet dancer performs a leap on stage .
a woman working at the ottawa music academy .
people walking a sitting in the city streets .
a group camps in a desolate area .
a boy skateboarding .
a woman with an umbrella and funky red glasses .
a woman crouched by a stroller with a baby in it .
a man laughing outside wearing sunglasses .
man and woman sitting with yarn and knitting needles .
a mass of people walk through the park .
two girls ride on the hump of a camel .
a windsurfer kicks up spray .
janitorial crew at a metro station .
a poor asian women working at a dam .
two people on a street one person looking down .
the band is setting up for their performance .
two boys one wearing a hat in a playground .
two people window shop for clothing .
a young couple play in a fountain .
runners pass a check point in the city .
two racers race on motorcycles .
a woman sits at a dark bar .
a small child eating fruit and drinking a glass of juice .
two men are sitting in the sand reading .
people are hiking on a mountain .
happy children rocking out and smiling .
a man with prosthetic legs just finished a run .
a man in his boat on the lake .
a female soccer player throws the ball into play .
woman in white top chats while slicing bread .
the couple is walking down the street talking on their cellphones .
a young man in a black shirt throwing a football .
a crowded street corner in an oriental country .
two people share a hug .
two people practice gymnastics in a gym .
two children in yellow raincoats playing .
a team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field .
a man feeding a baby in a highchair .
a blond woman is holding a child .
a man in a black shirt is cooking from a recipe .
man works a concession stand .
three people hiking up a mountain in a blizzard .
a man in a white shirt working on computer with a help from another man .
woman with yellow flower in hair .
two people walking across a street .
a couple with strollers walk through a market .
a person with a longsleeve red shirt laying on a ledge .
a woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow .
two opposing hockey players prepare for a face off .
man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
three people are riding around on atvs and motorcycles .
a band is playing music on a stage .
a view of the manhattan skyline from a nearby street .
a man and woman enjoying dinner at a party .
female wearing white earmuffs walking on a paved road .
people in a conference meeting .
an asian girl plays with a sheet .
old man reading a device .
man sitting on chair fishing .
a young woman serving a volleyball in a gymnasium .
a young competitor is bronc riding at a rodeo .
a man is sitting at a table .
a woman taking a photo by a creek .
the asian man in the blue hat is riding a bike .
a man practices boxing .
a person is breaking trail on a snowy hill .
four men concentrating in an office setting .
two martial artists practice in a vacant room .
a group of children are getting wet in a park .
asian artist stretches while painting outdoors .
two men stand on a lighted stage outside .
a gentleman working on an assembly line .
a group of black gentlemen sit sail to go on a fishing trip .
i cannot see an image here .
a man on a high unicycle performs for a crowd in the street .
a black dog is playing inside the fence .
a woman and a man sit a table in a bar .
a cook displays the grilled meats available .
the people are gathered at a bar .
woman on the clifftop trying to fly .
three dogs on a sidewalk .
a family standing on a dock eating snacks .
a person with a can holds a hotdog on a stick .
a man wearing a green jacket sitting down on a chair .
lynyrd skynyrd performing on stage .
a soccer player in green runs down the field .
biker does a trick in midair .
some florists load a delivery truck .
a dog leaps down the road .
an old man holding a small hatchet .
group of young children posing for a picture in a field .
a group of people gather to talk about relationship issues .
a man walks his dog near the ocean .
two men performing on instruments .
five dancers perform on stage .
a little brown dog is running in a field .
a dance class of two people stretching .
a crowd loiters near the start of a marathon .
people walking down the street .
people wait in line at bus stop .
boys jump off a bridge into the water .
a little boy playing a guitar .
a man kissing a baby at a marathon .
closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
people waiting to board a bus for a big event .
people are playing water volleyball .
a man balancing on his hand at the beach .
a band playing on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue shirt holds a political sign .
two ladies walking on a street with a stroller .
two black males in front of a rickshaw .
old man giving autographs away .
two men working with a crane .
two men are running in some sort of marathon one man pauses while running to wipe the sweat from his face .
a military man training his dog for combat .
a little girl with blondhair is holding a big blue ball .
a group of saddled camels and their riders .
large ground of men and women listening to something .
man and woman fishing in the ocean .
a man is parasailing into the sunset .
a man is giving a presentation .
four people enjoying the view .
a woman sitting on the floor and knitting .
a skateboarder doing a trick .
the girl is hugging another girl outside .
football players struggle to get plays through a tough line .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on a crate .
a group of people are at a party .
girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears .
a group of men outside playing basketball .
two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival .
a blond woman in white laying on a couch .
girls sitting with their hands on their laps .
an elder woman sitting on a bench .
a bearded gentleman sleeping propped up .
in india the children play .
a band is performing on stage .
a young boy chases away two canadian geese .
a boy in a black hat is standing on the sand .
photographer shooting pictures of a old sign .
two people are on top of the bed of a truck .
a little boys is enjoying a blue lollipop .
two people at the base of a waterfall .
a young boys shows off a beaded necklace .
one person is jumping on skis while others look on .
a child slid home as all the other baseball players looked on .
two people standing outside of a temple .
a group of people playing polo .
people waiting for a train .
four young protesters different colored signs out protesting .
woman in white sweater reading intently sitting on a bench .
various individuals riding escalators .
a woman in a red dress searches through her purse .
people holding a demonstration outside .
the woman is holding a violin .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
three little girls watch a band .
a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
a colorful parade led by a man carrying a red flag .
a woman shows a small animal to a smiling young boy .
tourists are taking pictures in china .
a group of children in the ocean .
a woman is standing behind a counter .
a woman standing in a field pointing .
two men in a small boat rowing down a river .
an instructor teaching a woman how to fire a handgun .
school kids racing in the snow .
bride and groom kissing at their wedding .
the man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
a young comedian in a brown jacket doing an act .
two people having a discussion outside .
a man riding a vary tall bike .
a man seated on a bench on a sunny day .
a guy walking two donkeys at a park .
people crowd a smoky street .
a bride is placing a flower on a grooms suit .
a man wearing an apron is putting circular objects on a spool .
a man in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
a biker doing a jump in a forest .
four people sit at a table .
a runner running down the road .
elderly man wearing hats .
a person kneeling in front of a vehicle .
a baby is looking at a leafy branch .
a man is performing in front of a crowd .
this little boy hitting a ball .
a batter prepares to swing at a ball .
a fireman with his water hose .
man having fun at a party .
an older man with glasses looks surprised .
a man in an urban dwelling prepares a meal .
a man pulling items on a cart .
a group of asians and one anglo stand outside bundled in winter clothing .
a man on a beach building a sand castle .
a child admires an exhibit or store window .
a man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
family getting ready for wedding .
two women and 1 man walking across the street .
a man bowls a green bowling ball .
two lovers just met in a date .
a young woman playing a cello .
a family is opening presents on christmas .
a dog playing in a park .
a group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
a dog pounces into the water .
a band is performing indoors .
two motorcycle racers are in a close race .
eight people racing gocarts on a racing course .
two girls are kneeling on the ground .
a woman peeks into a telescope in the woods .
police are taking away a drunk looking man .
a man with a guitar sings into a microphone .
men in orange suits are working on train tracks .
a young man is looking down from atop a mountain .
a group of children look into a barrel .
a woman is examining an object .
two sisters playing nurse and patient .
men playing football .
three women wearing wigs .
the girl sitting in the sea .
enjoying a cold snack on a hot summer day .
people are gathered at an event in the city .
a woman sleeps on a bus seat .
a little girl learning how to swim .
a group of people at a concert .
a boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
a group of men playing baseball .
a kid on skating ramp practicing cool moves .
a woman tosses a bag of trash into a dumpster .
two men are in tight lyrica orange and blue suits in a crowded lecture hall .
a girl in a blue tank top winning a race .
a room of people eating food .
the bands guitarist begins his solo on stage .
young man plays a harmonium while barefoot .
three women go horseback riding and the youngest girl is in focus .
a dog catches a disk in the air .
people attend a gathering at a house .
people in a group gathered smiling .
two young girls having fun while eating .
a man in his living room ponders packing for a trip .
children participating in a foot race .
four boys are sitting on a wall .
male with goggles sitting on the floor with a pamphlet .
three men in suits putting their hands together .
a woman attends to customers at a table .
a man kneels next to a colorful display outside .
a young man is walking close to the sea .
a woman in a yellow shirt walks down a sunny street .
a man and woman are having a conversation on a park bench .
people gathering for an event .
a man paints on an easel as people walk by .
two men are speaking to each other .
a man in a green jacket looking back at a car accident .
a man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge .
an old asian man in a hat is carrying his stuff .
a man poses outside a tourist location .
a child is observing a chicken in a cage .
an asian man is fighting with a staff .
children playing soccer with an adult in the background .
a white dog jumps into the air .
two africanamerican children playing with water bottles .
a man sets up a red ladder in a yard .
three men loading a large item onto a fedex truck .
a person is riding his dirt bike .
a longhaired man sleeping on a couch .
girl in blue shirt playing the clarinet .
two young adults are working on a chalkboard .
two girls take in the view .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
guy blacking a guitar on stage .
somebody in the street with some sweatpants on .
people are selling in the street .
a dog drinking from a creek .
a man wearing a gray cap is looking down .
the two women are talking to the blond children .
a snowboarder jumping .
the brown dog is wearing a black collar .
a group of young girls peer at a book .
people jogging in a marathon .
an indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
man pretends to be a medieval metal worker .
many asian children made a train under a viet nam sign .
two men behind a circular bar in a room filled with people .
two children having a karate match .
