a group of people running for charity .
a person in a dark top and light pants walks past a white building .
a white male is doing black smith work in a black smith building .
little children are walking in a line holding each others shirts .
two men with coats on standing behind a bar with bottles on it .
an intense karate scene between two young boys .
a dog is playing in the deep snow .
young adults talking under a tree on a sunny day .
an asian young woman is working with flower while surrounding by her peers .
a woman flips her hair full of water and sprays the water all around .
a man is getting ready to stuff a turkey .
a man hand on head regards a bank of america advertisement .
a black dog digging through the snow .
two men in magenta costumes performing .
a man is on a small boat with his hand on the boats motor .
a sailor stands at the entrance of a historical wooden shop talking to two men .
two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
two people are kneeling in two holes next to a couple of pails .
a closeup of a person walking across the street .
these young people appear to be singing and doing some dance steps outdoors .
4 people are strapped to an amusement park ride .
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
two people are shedding down a ski slope with a mountains in the background .
a woman is having a dental procedure performed by two men in military attire .
people are standing outside talking next to a car .
a woman and four children are crossing a busy street .
a person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
a child sitting on a rock formation .
a man in goggles is getting out of a swimming pool .
a group of kids riding on the giant swing ride .
six people are in a gymnasium working on repairing some bicycles .
the guy and girl are sleeping on the bench .
a man standing and putting dreads in a womens hair while she stairs off into the distance .
a young lady poses for photo with her dog .
two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem .
a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side .
a man lounges in a hotel room in front of a window with open curtains .
five people are playing various instruments in a band .
a bmxer is getting high air off this ramp in the forest .
a man wearing a black sweater vest and a hat plays the bass .
a woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room .
a young lady in a red and white bikini is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way .
a boat is towing a person in a bright green parachute .
a group of young naked children showering outside .
three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
a woman in a red shirt playing the cello .
young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city .
a woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves .
a smiling woman in a peach tank top stands holding a mountain bike .
a group of women dances bali style in colorful outfits and makeup .
a skateboarder pulls some tricks at the skating rink on a bright sunny day near the beach .
a woman is being controlled like a marionette by a guy standing on stilts .
two men on the street in the daytime standing in front of a graffiti inscribed building .
a man reaches up to work with cables above a desk .
woman sitting outside with a cutting board knife and chopped up yellow food .
two women are teaching in front of a classroom of young children .
groups of people are walking out a short dark tunnel .
a man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
a group of children dance and play instruments under colored lights .
a motorcycle racer going down a steep dirt hill .
a woman standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction .
a brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
a black male is beside a building with a sign on the building .
women in colorful costumes dance in the street in front of a mcdonalds .
a group of young adults lay on a hardwood floor in the kitchen .
concert goers walking towards a festival .
a man sits at a desk in room cluttered with books .
big brown and white spotted dog laying on a jacket on the street .
the person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
a little redheaded girl wears a spiderman suit while riding a play horse .
an older man walks down a city street while reading a newspaper .
two women standing in front of a car with a camera crew near them .
a man grilling outside his house .
a little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
a young lady plays the harpsichord while signing into a microphone .
a young indian boy sitting down thinking about his future .
three men are raking a path surrounded by trees .
a girl is sitting on an adults shoulders at an outdoor event .
older gentleman putting a powdery substance in a swimming pool .
a smiling child in a bright orange and blue shirt sitting among peers .
a man riding a horse and jumping over a hurdle in a ring .
two men in casual attire taking a nap from a day of fishing down by the river .
two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
a group of people in uniform dress are walking around outside of the olympics .
people are on stage playing music to a group of people .
people are walking and waiting by a white fence in town .
a man falling asleep while sitting down .
a person surfs on a craft with a sail .
a white crane flies over water .
people outside talking near a beach with a small girl .
on a gorges sunny day young man doing a trick on a bmx bike .
there is a line of computers in a row and each one is occupied by a man .
three people gathered around the living room at christmas time .
a woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
a man in a green shirt and red sunglasses is walking outside .
a crowd of individuals on the beach listening to a man .
two men one in a blue uniform and one in a red uniform are boxing .
three dogs playing in the snow .
three women wearing robes and hats stand in a street with a yellow dog .
two women in leopard print dresses walk down the street .
a man is sitting surrounded by merchandise that is for sale .
a man wearing a red lifevest is sitting in a canoe on a body of water .
women in costume performing on stage .
a young redheaded baby is sitting in a sink playing with the water .
people are watching a man balance a silver ball on his arms .
a clown making a yellow balloon animal for a woman .
2 girls playing volleyball one striking the ball .
three men in orange construction vests are working in a building .
a woman thows a frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
four people in scuba outfits and goggles are sitting underwater .
a man in a white and blue shirt is making a kabob .
the warmly dressed man and woman stand together outside .
two young asian boys spar with each other .
two men with joyous looks on their faces are leaping into the air .
a bicycler rides his bike on the road next to rocks with snow .
the person is doing a handstand on the beach .
two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
a child in shorts and blue shirt is playing in the sprinkler .
an asian woman sits and serves a meal that she has just prepared .
smiling woman on her hands and knees cleaning a carpet .
an woman in a red swim cap and black goggles swims laps in her lane .
a crowd of people are watching a little boy and a man struggle over a case .
a woman in a red print skirt and black top throwing a green ball with long yellow tassels .
a little boy on a swing .
a man is making a rock gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar .
a black man in a wheelchair being pushed along an outdoor pathway carrying the olympic torch .
a female italian soccer fan stands clad in a jersey and face paint .
an asian woman working for ups packaging her job .
a man holding a shovel above his head is posing in front of a campfire .
a man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips .
a crowd of people mostly wearing dark colors standing in a field .
a person with long blue hair standing behind a large crowd of people .
two large dogs frolic in a grassy field .
the small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
a city street has many signs in chinese .
three jockeys mounted on horses ride in race .
two men wearing shorts are working on a blue bike .
an elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field .
the chemists give the lost man directions to the bathroom .
a woman riding a scooter on a sidewalk in the city .
an unusual looking vehicle parked i front of some stores .
a brown dog is jumping around in an outdoor fountain while a man in a black shirt watches .
a yelling child plays on blue monkey bars .
three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .
a car being prepared for a photo shoot .
a young boy laying on a hospital bed with his leg over the side .
a woman is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store .
a woman in white with her arms folded smiling as a man is laughing holding cotton candy .
caucasian female near a red ball extending right leg in the air .
the girl in the white dress is paying her bill at the counter .
two girls hold up a card reading know what this is .
two brown dogs run through the grass together .
a young girl practices gymnastics while two younger kids play in the background .
a man on a boat wearing orange pants holding a rope .
a small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom .
three kids wearing brown shirts and jeans jumping outdoors with leaves on the ground .
a guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd .
rowboat being paddled on calm water into the sunset .
four teenagers in gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood .
a cook in a kitchen carves meat ready to be plated .
a long brownhaired dog walking through a river .
an old man is holding up one dog while his other dog climbs on his lap .
a young girl squishes her face in a smile for the camera .
baby asian child eating food while wearing a red flowery bib .
a lady in a short pink miniskirt stands alone with her arms crossed .
the woman is placing an orange rose as a boutonniere on the mans suit jacket collar .
i see a bearded man and elderly lady sharing a bowl of food .
a ballet performance featuring a male and female ballerina .
there is a young woman with a bag smiling in front of a building .
young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
a man is laying on the ground covered in something white .
a group of people riding a roller coaster upside down .
several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor .
the truck appears to be stuck in the mud .
a little blond boy jumps from one bed to another .
there are 3 people playing musical instrument and one other person looks like she is singing .
a bored looking construction worker is holding a drink .
a toddler boy with a pacifier and a red shirt plays with a garden hose .
a man and woman look through cds at a street vendor .
an swimmer swimming in a swimming pool .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
a woman watches as a man in a white shirt and pants ties something around a wooden stump .
a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a girl with blue dreadlocks is sitting on the side of the road .
a man and woman are walking up a stone staircase looking at a video camera .
a man in a blue coat is propelled on his sled by two dogs .
a woman wearing a black shirt smiles as she blow dries her hair .
a group of fans at an event holding up large blue letters .
a woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall .
woman with a multicolored beanie while milking animals .
a woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
a photographer looks on as a fellow companion snaps a photo .
a man in sunglasses is holding a child at the top of a slide .
a crowd of people at an outdoor festival .
a church worshiper in a blue robe prepares to enter his place of worship .
young children playing on a stoop with a bubble maker .
several women in racing singlets run in a pack .
a young black man gets his haircut .
the woman on the left is having her picture taken with another woman who is wearing a tall pink hat .
a girl wearing a red striped shirt is about to throw a soccer ball onto a field .
people on the sand looking up at a white heart drawn by a jet in the blue sky .
a man in a striped shirt is taking a photograph of a woman in a yellow shirt .
a man sitting on a rickshaw waiting for someone to need a ride .
a few children are playing in fountains .
a woman is watching a child while he sits on tires .
a little blond girl with a polka dot shirt is giving a stuffed animal a bath in a sink .
a partially balding man pushes a blue easychair down the sidewalk .
a man with glasses reads off a paper into the microphone in a redlit room .
a singer doing a stage dive into the crowd .
a little girl is peeking from behind a wall .
a dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
a woman and a boy playing a board game at a table .
the girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers .
a young child rides a motorbike through the mud .
a man standing in front of dale jr posters with red light .
people are sitting along side a building thats lined with columns .
two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking .
several performers dressed in white clothing and maroon hats are lined up facing each other .
a young man in a football uniform is kneeling with the football .
two ladies are together one has a glass in her right hand .
the man is driving a small red race car around a track .
a person wearing a white hoodie gazes across the water at the washington monument during dusk .
four black children smiling and eating their lunch on the ground .
a woman and child are sitting in a chair .
a person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
a football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
a brick covered road is outside of a large tan building with a cm studio sign .
a woman is placing a bike helmet on a little girl .
many people walking near tall building and crossing street .
a group of people gathered outside at a patio table .
a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
a fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline .
an elderly man wearing a tan shirt is sitting next to a tennis court .
the car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
people are crouched on the ground preparing something in a metal dish .
a young girl is donating money to a salvation army collection woman .
a football player is in a red and white uniform sooners 28 .
the girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels .
a military section of a parade is marching with many different flags .
field workers are working in a rice paddy .
the woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky .
an elderly woman with a pink umbrella is walking down the street .
a black brown and tan dog jumps at the camera .
a woman dressed in a green shirt reads off of a projector to her class .
little boy in cami crawling on brown floor .
a woman in green and black walking down the street beside a man .
people walking in front of heavily painted wall .
a guy that has skis on that found a melting snowman as he skiing .
a guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
two men are standing at telephone booths outside .
a group of people eating at a restaurant .
a large crowd is gathered outdoors on a sunny day .
a man being pushed in a wheelchair through a library .
a female musician plays a keyboard on stage while her drummer waits behind his set .
there are five little boys spinning on a merrygoround .
three people are seen manning a sailboat in a body of water .
two women wearing airplane uniforms sitting on the edge of the road .
a brunette woman is standing on the sidewalk looking down the road .
a boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
there are two people in military uniforms on horseback riding in a public area .
a redhaired child is eating something .
a tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth .
three men in white outfits walk in front of a fundraising tent .
the man is looking out over a placid lake .
a couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall .
two girls playing basketball in red and white uniforms .
a man holds a microphone up to a crowd of people .
children in yellow and orange pinnies gather in a group .
a crowd of people assemble for a cycling event .
two men sit in the backseat of a car and one is looking back at the camera pointing .
a man in a crowd blocking the sun from his eyes so that he can read a sign .
two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass .
woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country .
a group of people waiting for the subway .
two teams of children one in red and the other in white are playing soccer .
several people in bathing suits holding hands at a beach .
people riding their bikes on a crosswalk to cross the street .
the man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
many people shop and sell at busy produce market .
a woman with curly hair and a green and yellow scarf looks down .
woman setting up a produce stand for the night market .
man in black hat and woman in pink dress walk down city street outside a bar .
woman in a white shirt plays a black guitar .
a brunette woman does a wheelie on a white bicycle with purple tires .
a man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk .
a black and white elderly gentlemen riding an amtrack .
a woman and two boys looking at an information station .
a person is jumping of a short mound in an arid setting while being filmed while another person is talking on their cellphone .
a dog running across a field with a ball in its mouth .
a female getting a face tattoo of black lines and glitter .
a woman is barbecuing tasty looking food in the park .
three musicians in a recording studio .
a woman in a blue shirt unwraps a gift of a green hat .
a young girl and a woman stand in white dresses stand against a wall .
there is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors .
two children on the back of an elephant with a man holding the reigns off to the side .
a man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman .
a crowd of people surrounding a float carrying men waving a gay pride flag .
a man starts walking towards a bowling lane appearing to be winding up for a bowl .
husband and wife posing for a picture before going camping .
a construction worker is cleaning the street by the construction site .
two women standing in the snow talking and observing the surroundings .
an african american man is jumping in the air while a boy claps .
there is a man and woman working on a bicycle tire .
a man is sleeping on a bench while others are sitting up on the same bench .
two men go toe to toe in a martial arts competition .
black dog jumping bar in obstacle course .
buff african american man waits for subway at wall street station .
a car is fully loaded with passengers and rooftop cargo .
two housewives are chatting next to a small child .
a young man sets up pool balls on a purple felt billiard .
a boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy .
two black dogs jump in the snow .
two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog .
a boy in a tshirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain .
an asian man sitting in a boat with a wide variety of fruit around him .
a person rowing in their boat in the water .
a girl wearing a bike helmet is walking across a mossy tree branch over water .
a person in a store opens a door to a freezer .
a white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains .
the dog is playing with the stick on the beach .
a man is holding a cross with a photo of jesus on it .
firefighters are at the scene of a car accident involving two vehicles .
the man is playing with his star wars light sword .
a man holds a baby while suspended between two buildings .
a young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
a sunny day in someones yard focusing on a trampoline with two children inside .
a child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
a little boy is having fun sweeping the leaves of the deck .
a man a boy and a dog heading down to the ocean .
a man in a tall red hat is riding on a green tractor and waving to spectators .
a young boy in a yellow shirt is playing outside on monkey bars .
man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water .
a dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop .
a man in a uniform stands next to a girl with purple hair holding a cup .
asian teen male in yellow shirt and black shorts stands on roadway .
a snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench .
swimmers in a lake being watched by a boy sitting on a wall .
a man in a yellow jacket stands in front of a yellow hutch .
two guys outside looks like in a parking lot one guy is picking up a bike .
children are sitting in chairs under some television sets .
many people sit at tables outside a tan building that has green shutters .
a child drinking juice on the hood of a vintage car .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and white shorts throws a boomerang in a brush environment .
two girls and two boys are walking down a road with backpacks on their backs .
a man is wearing a gold outfit while standing with his gold bike .
a man doing some type of public show involving fire .
two men face each other in front of purple graffiti .
a man in camouflage pants sits next to machinery .
a man in a flat cap leans against a colorful building .
three people are on the beach kneeling or standing near the water .
old man in navy jumpsuit sweeps floor as women in red hijab walks in the other direction .
a grayhaired gentleman in a suit is standing in front of a podium .
a woman in a white robe is speaking in front of an audience at a banquet .
a person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .
a man in interesting attire next to rollerskates leans on a wooden gate .
group of working man dressed in black and white laugh and talk on a cellphone .
a procession is marching on the street while people are watching .
the waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
a lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe .
a child playing with a sword at the bottom of the stairs .
asian men in athletic uniforms riding the bus .
a man riding a bike has a bushel of brush on the back .
two men one black one white sitting on a curb .
a mounted policeman on a dappled horse surveys a crowd .
a group of people standing in front of a hut in a parking lot .
a bride and groom are taking pictures while two men stand nearby .
a cute baby is smiling at another child .
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar .
mother with two boys one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
a cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill .
a young child in white cloths is walking in front of many other people .
two surfers preparing to enter the water for a competition .
four girls in bathing suit type uniforms are pictured playing volleyball outdoors .
a man is in the middle of hitting a red white and blue volleyball .
two guys one in a red uniform and one in a blue uniform playing soccer .
the man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
the donut vendor is making money at the carnival .
a man in black rolling a round table across a floor .
an elaborate costumed figure is in front of a brightly decorated structure .
a man is sitting at a desk behind glass .
two young asian children are playing on playground equipment .
one woman is smoking and talking to another woman .
people on the street are passing by the bar and grill restaurant with the red awning .
a large yellow dog leaps into the air to catch his frisbee .
a woman with a yellow scarf looks like she is in a market .
two young boys play marbles at the bottom of a stairwell .
a group of people are on a stone street and waving up at the camera .
a man is pouring water on some kind of foreign object .
two people one in blue and the other in white wrestle while others look on .
a woman with white hair is observing something while sitting at a desk .
a girl playing in a ball pit with a red ball to her mouth held by her left hand .
a young woman wearing animal print gazes in to a small handheld device .
a woman in a red jacket with a blue and gold handbag is jumping while smiling on a cobblestone street .
a man rides large waves on a wind sail .
the boy band one direction performing one of their hit songs .
a man wearing a brown and green striped shirt is fishing on a boat .
a man wearing a gray shirt resting his head on a table .
one child lifts another on his back inside a room .
a man with green pants sitting with a tray on his lap .
a young baby wearing a pink hat naps on a gray blanket .
group of young men posing and holding cans .
black male wearing yellow shirt doing a reading with his equipment .
a man in a black knit hat is pointing a finger towards the sky .
two men one black and one white play their guitars and sing into microphones as they stand outdoors .
two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery .
two elderly woman are talking at a gathering .
a man and woman sit on a bench watching a boat go by .
a crowd is passing by a street vendor in a crowded city .
there are many people in a building with some people cooking food .
a woman enjoys a beverage which was made inside of a large fruit .
two soldiers are playing baseball and touching the base .
a dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
a man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain .
two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
two rugby players fighting on the field .
three runners race past at a track meet .
two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe .
two people are climbing a rock wall with a rope .
a shaggy young male with a nose ring brushes his teeth .
a military man holding a camera showing a child the film on the camera .
woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands .
a red airplane is flying by a large ship .
woman paints on easel in front of stone wall .
slanted picture of girl blowing bubbles .
a man is playing a musical instrument outside on the sidewalk .
young women reading a book in a classroom with a puka shell necklace .
several people are standing near trees at dusk .
a woman helps a little girl scrawl something on a heavilymarked banner .
two girls play on a tree along with their pet dog .
a man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
an adult soccer game soccer players chasing after the ball during a live game .
a man and a woman look at each other passionately as they dance in a studio .
a band wearing dark blue vests and blue and red plaid skirts .
a man in an orange draped outfit raking leaves .
the lady in the blue shirt is riding a bike across a bridge .
a police officer in his uniform wearing an ear piece .
a man and a boy set up a grill on a sunny day .
a baby wears a fleece magenta outfit while she lays in the leaves .
three men looking out the door towards an area secured with caution tape .
a child in a red shirt hangs upside down from a tree branch .
young adults dressed casually walk around in a field .
two woman are sitting at a table working with clay .
two boats speed through the water at excessive speeds as they rush for the finish line .
a little girl stands in a puddle of water in the middle of the street .
two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow .
a woman is a red tank top is riding horse .
three children are locked in a cage .
the boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay .
a group of people shopping in a fruit and vegetable store .
one man in a black jacket and black hat is playing a trumpet .
a black dog is digging in the snow .
a blond little boy wearing a robe and playing with a sword .
a group of people stand in a line on the concrete tiles .
a woman with long redhair is standing next to a bright red phone booth talking with a man .
a female figure skater in a red jacket is practicing her moves .
a mother and son walk together while the son carries a flag .
a man is shaving while sitting on the beach in front of the ocean .
a young girl wearing a yellow shirt gives a thumbs up next to a turtle next to a wire fence .
girl wearing a pink wig standing on the shore of a beach .
a dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out .
a baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys .
a young man is airborne as he goes over a bike dirt track .
a man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call .
the man is carving an image in the ice using a small knife .
a white man in a camouflage tshirt plays an electric guitar .
a man in a black shirt is showing a broken glass .
a man painting a building red with a paintbrush at the end of a stick .
a group of parents are sitting at an outdoor assembly .
young people playing a music based video game .
people standing around looking and eating food .
people walking up and down on a crowded street in the daytime .
black dog jumping out of the water with a stick in his mouth .
one man in shorts is talking to another man in blue jeans in front of a sink .
a young lady is hulahooping with a crowd of onlookers in the middle ground .
a woman and girl dressed up in beautiful dresses walking down the sidewalk .
four dogs are playing in a circle and one black dog is walking away .
two people are running at the top of a mountain .
a couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs .
a mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike .
a man wearing a red shirt jeans and a black cowboy hat is welding on metal bars .
two bikini clad girls playing volleyball at the beach .
a large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road .
a young tibetan boy sitting at a low table with a book .
two older gentlemen are interacting with one another .
two people ski in the mountains .
people are standing on a sidewalk .
a young man is skateboarding in an area which looks like it needs repairs .
two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another .
a man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree .
a man throwing an object into a pool of water .
young football players are enthusiastically enjoying their sport .
a female throws a frisbee while another attempts to block her toss .
a dog is tied to something with a man in the background .
two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
three dogs play together in the water .
a woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
one asian man in glasses is making the peace sign while the other is making a heart with his arms .
a young man is wearing a blue outfit and gray coat .
man and woman holding signs that promote the taking of pictures .
a group of men playing music for people walking down the street .
man in white shirt conducting a orchestra horns and drums .
a boy with a cap and a blue tee is joggling three balls .
a guy is grinding on a window ledge in a city .
the girl in white shirt is standing next to an interesting window .
two men holding each other hand while walking up the street .
two young men in blue jeans and sneakers cross an urban street .
a person in a straw hat is sitting in weeds .
a guy is playing a video game on the computer .
a middle eastern group is praying before a table filled with vegetables .
two children in coats walking in a park .
a man wearing a short pink skirt long striped socks a pink tank top and a hairnet is juggling knives to the amusement of onlookers .
a boy in a blue shirt throwing a rock into water .
a woman in a skyblue shirt faces an older man wearing a navy cap .
a man in white is smiling and holding something in his hand .
a old man and a young boy are sitting at a table dressed in cultural garb .
a girl with redhair and red eyebrows appears to be in midspeach .
a young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone .
some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
a brownhaired girl balancing on one leg with the other up in the air .
schoolgirls in uniforms march in a parade while playing flutelike instruments .
two young blond women wearing both gloves and headgear fight in a boxing ring .
a small girl holding a green wire to a battery while standing at a table .
a group of people running a marathon in the winter .
a uniformed member of the us military speaks into a microphone .
a large group of people posing together outside of a house .
woman expressively playing an electric guitar in front of a microphone .
two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
a young girl is blowing dandelions in a field .
women wearing a blue dress with pink shoes sitting at a table .
a man stands in a mobile food stand looking out the halfdoor .
four young adults are working on an upside down bicycle in a park .
a man at the beach holding a pail standing next to a child .
two citizens await the u7 train at the wilmersdorf strasse station .
a police officers on a motorcycle pulls up behind a silver sedan .
three women jog over the surf toward the ocean .
a team manager out on the football field during a game .
the tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
a man walking down the road with a bunch of bags .
people are bathing in water possibly for religious reasons .
a dark brown dog is chewing on a stick .
a middleaged man in biker gear views the classic cars that surround him .
several people in line for checkout at a large store .
a little boy with a drill making a hole in a wood plank .
a snowboarder uses a well worn path in the woods .
a man in combat fatigues surveys the scene using binoculars .
a woman sells flowers and incense at the market .
many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of asian architecture .
two youths walk down an inclined street .
multicultural group of adults at a gathering one man with tattoos is throwing something .
at halloween this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
there is a man in firemans gear crossing the road near a white bus and a red semi .
a customer examines fruit sold on the curb by a street vendor .
a man in glasses and jeans sitting on a doorstep .
a boy in a black shirt carries a blue bucket while walking with men dressed in white .
a football player sits on a counter as a type of official looks down at his knee .
a german man leads a street bike race followed closely by competitors .
a young asian woman is jumping midair in a crowded city part .
a group of people are standing on a pile of wool in a truck .
three people playing with a large ball that looks like a globe .
at some sort of carnival a man is making cotton candy .
a native woman smoking a pipe makes textile barefoot .
a man in a white hat is looking at the camera .
a person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
a man is running in snowshoes across a snow covered field with mountains in the background .
an army drill instructor guiding his platoon in marching formation .
two men are sitting on concrete slabs in a park .
a woman in a blue hat and yellow skirt is jumping in an area with lilacs .
a man is playing an instrument trying to make money with his case open .
a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth .
men with their hands raised are wearing karate uniforms .
two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
the man in the blue shirt is walking with the man in red .
springboard and high dive practice in a building with a colorful mural in the background .
a boy in green and yellow dress is learning boxing .
a large dog running on grass with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a little brunette girl squats down to pet a deer laying in sand .
a blond lady flipping the bird to the camera .
a young boy is in pursuit of the ball during a football match .
a curling competitor lines up her next shot .
seven people playing soccer on a field .
a old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
a little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
a girl with blue hair is pushing a coffee cart .
a six piece band performs on stage .
construction worker in orange vest laying square stone pavers .
a young little girl in a dress stands and admires a creek .
a person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet .
a bellhop is pushing luggage around inside a hotel .
a man in a white striped shirt is sleeping on a red velvet couch .
a man in a thick blue winter jacket shoveling snow in a winter blizzard .
three older asian women are sitting on the ground .
a woman and a boy on stage laughing with a tent in the background .
friends are having a great time .
a woman looking at a young blond girl with pigtails .
a man is sitting at a desk in front of four lit computer monitors .
a man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
6 male construction workers standing by a large equipment vehicle .
a shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair close to three parked bicycles .
a darkhaired boy carrying a large black trash bag over his shoulder .
a parade is taking place at night in the streets .
a man in a red hoodie with a white apron stands in front of a mural .
a group of people are in a boat on a large body of water .
a boy runs toward the soccer ball to kick it .
a woman in a yellow jacket following two other women .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together .
a male is waiting for the train to arrive at the platform .
three dogs race through the snow .
a woman offers food to a man in a sports jersey and orange beanie .
a smiling man in a red shirt sits at the wheel of a blue truck .
a child wearing a toboggan is running on a cobblestone plaza .
this man with a red amp white shirt has water bottles on this white truck .
a man sticking his tongue at a woman close to her face .
a person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing .
a guy is running away from a black bull .
a dog drags a white rag through an almostdried up creek .
a small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow .
an asian woman is wheeling food through a crosswalk .
a tattooed man wearing overalls on a stage holding a microphone .
a boy with headphones on sitting on top of a womans shoulders .
the woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall .
a man and woman walk across an empty street .
one lady focusing on her rollerskating .
a child is reluctantly about to bite into a mushroom .
a car with a bathtub on top participating in the mongol rally in 09 .
man in hat waves to the camera surrounded by other people .
a group of people waiting outside a fenced in area .
a woman wearing a blue jacket standing in front of a brown fence .
person with a red backpackers going for a hike .
an older lady in a gray and red sweater is cooking on a meal .
a man and a woman are biking on a sunny day .
two men fishing in the water by the boat and two women sitting on buckets on the sand .
a woman applies face paint while a boy with a mohawk holds a mirror .
four musicians perform their act in the spotlight .
there is a tennis match being played at night in this stadium .
the image shows the reflection of a man and woman located at a terminal of some sort .
a woman is rollerblading in a skimpy uniform .
two couples stop to take a photo .
a young woman scantily dressed and wearing a red bandanna is dancing barefoot on the sidewalk .
a woman is sanding a porch with an electric sander .
a man reads the paper while waiting for the subway .
two cute and welldressed asian kids are standing next to a tree .
the black dog jumps above the water towards a frisbee floating near a boat .
5 people in white lab coats are standing over 5 sheep .
two emergency response unit workers are examining train tracks .
two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
two players struggle to take down a third football player as they tackle him .
a man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
a group of children are sitting crosslegged in a classroom .
a man standing in the door of a laundry mat .
many people standing by a fountain underneath a blue and white umbrella .
a group of produce buyers inspecting fresh produce .
two people wearing dark clothes are examining a tiger with instruments .
two young boys are outside talking and arent wearing shirts .
a woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
a woman in a blue blouse is handling a pink purse .
a fit young woman is kickboxing with a red punching bag at a gym .
three guys are seen in the middle of the act of jumping forward in a yard .
a child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
a man in a black jacket picking something up from a table .
people walking on the sidewalk of a large city while traffic goes by .
a group of people at a jp morgan corporate challenge event .
two people are sitting down across the street from advertisements .
three people in sunglasses are sitting down and eating or drinking .
a man in a wetsuit catches a wave on his white surfboard .
a man playing field hockey with his team jumps in the air .
two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
a man is sleeping in front of a window .
a bearded man in a heavy jacket sits in a corner with a paper cup .
a woman and a girl are sitting on a tile floor behind a wooden rack for weaving .
a man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole .
a younger man is putting liquid into a vile .
a jack russell terrier jumps into a stream .
a man in a flamethemed shirt is looking at barbecue tools .
worker being lifted up in a cherry picker to perform work during cold weather .
two young girls dressed in pink pajamas sit on the floor in front of large windows playing house .
a woman is using her phone wile sitting in a public area .
a man in winter clothing is laying in a pile of snow just outside a doorway .
two men in white shirts and another person are talking .
a man and two kids are walking down a street .
a motorcyclist is sporting a very colorful helmet .
there isnt a lot of action just a guy at a hotdog stand on normal day .
a young caucasian man is holding a little boy of perhaps hispanic descent in front of a worn building .
muslim girl in a school yard stands with her hands on her hips and glares at the camera .
a person in a long orange coat walks along a sets of stairs .
a woman is taking a picture of a little boy brushing his teeth in a bathroom .
two women are pushing strollers on a leaf covered walkway .
two indian girls in colorful outfits are dancing in a duet .
a woman in a jacket with a fur hood is talking on her cellphone .
a motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
white lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers .
a construction vehicle on a hill of dirt .
indian man in an orange tunic with a cane talking with a local .
a man and woman are walking down a waterside path toward a suspension bridge .
a man looking back at a blond woman smoking in the street .
a yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a dog in a grassy field looking up .
a little girl is smiling while running outside .
there are construction workers working hard on a project .
two men talk to each other behind an organ while a lone woman stands to their right .
mass of police gathered in one area next to a bus labeled command post .
a black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
a young woman is making rugs in the rain forest .
a dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean .
a customer at the checkout of a grocery store .
two rodeo clowns are looking at something in the distance .
a celtic marching bands performs on field during a soccer match .
man with older woman seated at table in sunny crowded area .
shirtless male skateboarded doing trick at a skate park .
a young woman with multicolored hair and red glasses adjust some handheld device while another young woman looks on .
a grouchy looking man plays an instrument in the outdoors .
a tattoo artist working on somebody .
three children and three adults are outside in the yard of a home and they have a basket sitting on the lawn .
three men in renaissancestyle clothing are playing instruments .
a group of kids sat around and played their instruments .
a construction worker is attempting to climb a tree .
muay thai fighters competing in a ring .
a man holds a child on his shoulders as a people walk around him .
two women wearing red and a man coming out of a portapotty .
a girl in a black jacket sitting on a ledge talking to someone .
three men walking down a road surrounded by a forest .
a lady in red and black grins at the camera at a costume party .
little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock .
man in black takes a nap on a bench in front of a sign reading justicia sin olvido .
one person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
two cyclists riding in a line while number two is ahead of number three .
three men are racing and jumping hurdles .
a dancer in a red suit is jumping in the air .
a woman sitting at a desk staring at a computer screen .
a man in a leather coat is walking down a brick sidewalk next to a woman wearing a colorful blue dress .
a group of people are camping out on some rocks .
a boy jumping a rail on his skateboard .
a woman with a bloody umbrella gives a mean look despite her blindfold .
a mother kneeling down to address her child in a stroller .
the man in the white belt and sunglasses is holding the girls hand .
a girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .
a group of people walking through a park with signs .
children riding on a camel by a body of water .
a man is riding a red windsurfer .
two men are in a subway station getting ready to mop .
a woman in a large concrete basin carrying a long instrument .
two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
a standing man holds a microphone in front of a man holding a guitar .
boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
a young man holds a girl as they splash in some water .
people watch a group of runners on the street .
two motorcycle riders are leaning deep into a curve on a racetrack .
dark nightclub with chairs .
a smiling girl wearing a red top sits in front of her fruit plate .
two people on the beach reading a magazine .
travelers on a very cold day hiking .
a young boy and girl are laughing together as the girl holds up a hand sign .
two men one of which has two prosthetic legs are walking on pavement .
a man is riding in a boat on the water .
four women play soccer two wearing all white and two wearing red white and blue .
two woman one of which is cleaning her knife are talking in the kitchen .
a man with a white shirt and a woman with a white shirt are talking on their phones .
a group of people are getting together for some fun and dancing .
people gather in a chinese street corner at night in the city .
the man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging .
man in a white shirt kneeing a man in a black shirt in the face .
two kids in yellow raincoats are playing in the mud .
a soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match .
a man spoon feeds a baby in a toddlers seat .
a child is crying out while being held by a woman in a pink shirt .
a man in a black shirt is cooking out of a cookbook in a cluttered kitchen .
a man in a sandwich shop is setting bread on his shop window .
a trio of people are hiking throughout a heavily snowed path .
two men are looking at the screen of a laptop while one types and one points at the screen .
a woman with a flower in her hair sits by a man in a hat .
some were in a city with tall buildings and people .
aa woman in a stroller is walking outside pushing a child in a stroller .
a man in an orange sweater and dark pants lies on a white wall next to a lamp post .
the woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
two hockey players ready to start the game with the ref by them about to drop the puck .
this man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail .
three people ride offroad bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
a band plays at a venue along the water .
a woman walking towards us on a street with a seated man looking on .
a man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress .
a woman walks down the street with a pink purse and earmuffs .
group of adults sitting around table listening to presentation .
a female asian toddler in shorts and sandals carrying a pillowcase .
a man sitting and holding something with his hands at a table .
a man wearing a hat is fishing off of a dock .
a female athlete is serving a volleyball inside a gymnasium .
rodeo rider in cowboy clothing being bucked while riding a horse .
a man in a blue polo stares into space .
a lady wearing a red shirt takes a picture near a lake surrounded by rocks .
man wearing blue helmet merges into traffic on a bicycle .
an older man in boxing gloves trains .
woman wearing black snow gear walking down a snow covered slope .
a group of people in an office contemplating .
two men wearing martial arts clothing are practicing martial arts .
a group of girls are playing in a water fountain in the sun .
artist showing off his work of womens faces and hair .
a man holding a sign and a man playing a guitar are speaking in front of a crowd .
a subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel .
some men are sitting on a boat near a beach covered in stacked logs and sticks .
a man wearing headphones walks past a wall with red and purple graffiti .
a man on a tenfoot unicycle entertains a crowd of enthralled onlookers .
a black dog looks through the fence at another dog .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table talking .
a man in an apron standing in front of food beneath a menu .
a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club .
a woman is standing on a rock overlooking a river .
three dogs looking at a cement ledge .
a family of four is standing and eating by a harbor .
a man wearing all black and holding a green can roasts a large hotdog on a stick .
a man sits at brightly colored green and blue booth with ads behind him on the street .
lynyrd skynyrd is performing at a concert .
a man in a green top and gloves trots across a ball field .
a bmx biker performing a trick as he flies through the air .
three workers unloading flowers from a large truck .
a small dog jumping on a street .
an old man dressed in medevil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill .
a group of 9 darkhaired children are standing in a field .
two men sitting outside having a conversation by a free advice sign .
an elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water .
two jazz musicians are wearing yellow suits and performing on stage .
group of people dancing at a club or party in a costume .
a little brown dog is running on the grass .
in a dance studio a man and a woman do stretches .
a group of people gathered around the starting line of a race .
a woman in yellow with a stroller and a man in a blue shirt with a backpack are walking on a busy city block .
a group of people are waiting at a bus stop .
a group of children play in the water under a bridge .
little boy in red playing with a black guitar .
a man holding and kissing a crying little boy on the cheek .
a saltandpepperhaired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
the street is crowded with many people with coats on .
two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball .
a guy on the edge of the water dressed in green doing arm pushup .
five mariachis playing on the street .
a man in a blue shirt holds up a protest sign .
two women walking down the street one is pushing a red carriage .
a man sits on a colorful mandrawn carriage while another man stands beside it .
an older man with bushy eyebrows is speaking into a microphone .
the shadow of two men operating a large crane .
two people one dressed as a nun and the other in a roger smith tshirt running in a foot race past onlookers in a wooded area .
an army man and his dog have a cheerful reunion .
a small girl is standing on the grass holding a large green ball .
a small group of people with their camels are resting outside of a small village .
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction .
a man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
a single person parachutes through a peaceful sunset .
a man in a dark shirt and orange lanyard speaking to an audience .
a couple and two girls are looking over a clear railing .
a native woman is working on a craft project .
a longhaired man wearing a gray hoodie skateboards above some graffiti .
a female soccer player gives a teammate a piggyback ride .
two football teams are playing on a football field with the nfl logo .
an old man with a beard is sitting on a milk crate on the street .
a group of people including children appear to be having a celebration .
the young girl is given rabbit ears by the young boy behind her .
the man in a red shirt just got a rebound in a basketball game .
two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor .
two people are paying to play a basketball carnival game .
a woman in a white outfit is lying on a coach reading a book .
a group of nicelydressed women are sitting together .
the lady with the cane is sitting on a bench .
a fat bald man is sleeping on the shoulder of another fat bald man .
three children standing near each other and next to a tall blue wooden post .
three musicians standing on a stage .
a child laughs as he plays with a large bird .
a boy in a beach wearing a floral short a towel on his upper body and a green hat .
a longhaired person with a tan coat and hat takes a picture of graffiti on a metal door .
a blurry picture of a man in a blue shirt and hard hat .
a small boy is smiling while licking a blue heart shaped sucker .
a shirtless man has his arms wide open near a waterfall .
a young boy shows his brown and green bead necklace .
a skier in midair on a snowy day with other skiers in the background .
a young boy slides into home plate while playing little league baseball .
a man off in the distance by a buddhist temple .
a group of girls playing a game on horseback .
a handful of people are waiting for the subway .
four people are holding signs of protest while cars pass behind them .
a woman is sitting in a chair reading a book with her head resting on her free hand .
one woman with a black top and luggage is placing her hand on her neck while traveling up an escalator .
a woman along the street in front of a multicolored mod building .
people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally .
a redhaired woman is holding a violin and boe .
older man showing fish to young child .
three children watch a man on stage playing guitar .
a man is playing a guitar with a microphone right behind him .
a group of protesters carrying signs and flags walk down the street .
a young blond boy with a giraffe on his shirt is looking at something in an womens hand .
tourist taken pictures at a building in china .
several people swim in a body of water .
woman behind the counter running a shop .
a woman in a vacant lot pointing at something .
two paddlers propel a canoe down a treelined stream .
a young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range as an older man looks on mirthlessly .
the young runners are racing through the snow .
a bride and groom kissing in front of a group of people .
a man in a brightlycolored ski jacket stands with others on a european street .
a woman with dark hair and a brown coat holding a microphone on stage .
a guy wearing a backpack is talking to a girl with a purse next to a church .
a man in a dark shirt and pants riding a tall bicycle .
an old man sitting on a bench watching traffic go by .
a man leads two donkeys on a rope while three women clap in the background .
maybe a riot in a busy city or maybe a fire from a burning building .
a woman in a white dress fixes a mans suit while holding a bouquet of flowers .
two men work with machinery in a factory wearing plastic aprons and gloves .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods .
a blond girl is sitting at a bar in the presence of three other men .
a woman wearing glasses and a red shirt jogging .
two old men in hats doze in the sun outside .
an asian man working on the sidewalk in front of a store .
baby looking at the leaves on a branch of a tree .
a man rides a unicycle while holding fire lit batons .
a boy playing for the giants baseball team swinging at a baseball .
catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
a firefighter sprays piles of burning debris with a hose .
a guy in a tan longsleeve tee poses for a picture .
a man in a suit and glass has an object in his hands .
a man stands in a kitchen flipping a crepe on a frying pan .
a bizarrely dressed child pulls luggage through the market .
there is a group of people standing around looking like they are waiting for something .
a man builds an elaborate sand castle on the beach .
a child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
a man standing in church with an older couple .
two girls and a boy are walking across an intersection .
a man is bowling alone with a green ball .
couple in black possibly about to kiss on street .
a young woman practices a string instrument indoors .
a family sits around at christmas time some playing jenga while others play with children .
a dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field .
asian people standing on the street waiting for a bus .
a brown dog splashing through water .
a local band performing at a local venue .
two motorcyclist necktoneck about to take a turn .
eight drag racers are racing around a curvy course with helmets on and there is a line of trees at the edge of the course .
two people playing a game facing each other .
teen girl using landscape binoculars to look for waterfowl .
a young man is being arrested by some police officers .
a man in a white cowboy hat and a red shirt is singing and playing the guitar .
a group of men work around a set of railroad tracks with heavy equipment .
a young boy sits on a rock overlooking a scenic view of mountains .
three young children stand around a blue and white barrel .
an elderly man in a black sweatshirt doing cement work .
two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor .
two football players bang into each other during a football game .
four women dressed up in funny costumes .
a person is waiting for the sailboat to reach the shore .
a young girl sits in a black bucket of water holding a stick with a white object that it is puncturing .
motorcycles are parked behind a fence on a crowded street .
a woman falls asleep on the bus on her way home from shopping .
a man and young girl are swimming in a pool together .
a man in a hat is covered in concert silly string .
a man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
a baseball player in blue is running the bases while a player in red tries to tag him out .
a male teenager doing a trick in a skate park on a skateboard .
a woman throwing a white trashbag into a dumpster in front of a car .
two people sitting in an audience wearing tight nylon suits that cover their heads .
a young woman running by an orange ribbon .
a group of young people stand and eat off of paper plates .
one man on stage playing a guitar with lights in the background .
a man is playing the piano barefoot while another man looks on .
three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another .
a dog leaping to catch a frisbee in the yard .
a few women are in a room holding drinks .
a young girl in an orange sweater is smiling .
two little girls are eating and making a mess .
a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase .
a group of young asian men walking in a marathon .
the four young men are sitting on the low wall .
a man in goggles and a hat is sitting in the street holding something and wearing white gloves .
three businessmen attending a grand opening ceremony .
a waitress is serving some women at a restaurant .
a man crouches in the shadow of a deflating hot air balloon .
a man in a blue shirt and hat is walking along the beach .
a woman outside on a street wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses .
a man and women are sitting on a bench talking to each other outdoors .
a man wearing a blue shirt and baseball cap is tied to a pole .
a man in a white tshirt painting in the middle of a stone paved road .
a man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables .
passersby look on at an accident involving an suv and a bicyclist .
a man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
an asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
a man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
a young child and a woman are standing around a caged rooster .
someone in asian costume is sitting down and holding a sword .
a boy in a blue playing soccer about to kick the ball .
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .
two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun .
a construction worker wearing a black shirt and jeans sets up his ladder .
a man standing in a truck next to a big green metal box and two men standing below him .
one man is riding his motorcycle in a desert .
a man sleeping in a green room on a couch .
a woman in a blue shirt is playing an instrument .
two asian students are doing work at a chalkboard .
two young girls look out to a town below them .
a man with brown hair talks on a microphone .
a drummer and guitar player play a show in a dark area .
a man with his back to the camera walks across a barricaded street .
vendors are selling their wares at an open market .
a large brown dog is sticking his face in the sprinkler .
one man standing alone on a sidewalk adjusting his hat .
two brunette women talking to a classroom full of blond children .
a snowboarder gets air off a jump .
a brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
a group of kids sitting in the back of a van together looking at a book .
a group of people running for charity .
a person in a dark top and light pants walks past a white building .
a white male is doing black smith work in a black smith building .
little children are walking in a line holding each others shirts .
two men with coats on standing behind a bar with bottles on it .
an intense karate scene between two young boys .
