children playing in an over sized golf ball .
a man working on a small model airplane .
a woman holds a ball while a dog leaps for it .
an older indian woman is sitting near some drawings .
two dads take a break at the birthday party .
two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio .
a small boy in an orange hat running .
a group of men in white uniforms are waving flags .
president george w bush is giving a speech .
old people sit and laugh at a restaurant .
two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects .
the young cook tastes his food .
two people wear life jackets in a rowboat .
a man wearing blue is walking off of a field .
people going about their day in big city .
three vikings walking on the pier .
two men and four boys play outdoors in close range of a soccer goal net .
man in glasses wearing flannel is in class writing .
a waiter clears a table at an outdoor cafe .
person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle .
a person touches a dogs tooth .
rail conductor in an olive train smiles for a photo .
a snowboarder launches off a ramp .
a young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol .
elder men are getting ready to barbecue .
a woman dressed in a cultural dress is about to perform on stage with her band .
young boy in an orange shirt climbing an apple tree .
a green sports car with the number 63 is driving on a track .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
three workers pouring fresh concrete .
two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
a child in a striped shirt is standing in front of a post .
a man is holding a childs hand in the ocean next to a large rock .
two men hanging around a construction site .
the girl is playing with wooden toys .
6 people waiting outside a museum .
a man holds his brown dog back from jumping in the water .
a girl goes down a red slide .
three people are standing outside in front of a low stone wall .
two women and two men in historical attire jumping .
protest in the streets of dominican republic .
a boy reaching high to hit a tennis ball .
children playing in a playground .
a group of young males play soccer .
a woman with violet hair rides her bicycle outside .
two males standing on the sidewalk next to the street .
a man standing at a table selling things .
a smiling woman next to her bright pink bicycle .
a child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
two dogs running fast in the grass .
three girls playing jump rope outside .
a solitary pedestrian walks through the downtown area .
two people are outside grilling some meat .
a man rows his boat below .
a group of children gather around a black garbage bag .
a man and a woman are dancing in front of a audience .
a man in a hat is playing a stringed instrument on a sidewalk .
two men in medieval dress one on a horse appear to be talking to each other .
a guy surfing the web eating pizza .
the soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white .
a woman is standing on the beach holding a small child .
a little girl laughing while going down a slide .
a girl with orange hair holding a drink and sitting at a table with clothes .
a girls walks down the road holding a teddy bear .
an old man is sitting with various pieces of impedimenta .
the couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water .
two men standing on a pier over a captured fish .
numerous people participating in a foot race or walk .
a man walking through a large grasscovered valley .
six young people are laughing and leaping into the air .
a team throws a teammate in the air .
a child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean .
a man in silly safety glasses using a chainsaw to cut down a tree .
two people sit on a brick wall and talk .
four people standing on a boat on the lake .
a woman sitting at a table in a bar .
an man in a white shirt is pointing to a womans notepad during a discussion .
a boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
dog jumping up with something in its mouth .
a little girl in pink pajamas tries to operate a camera .
a young surfer waves to the camera while on the water .
two police officers on skates are standing near another man .
a man wearing a hat is behind the wheel of a white propane truck .
young african children are attending class in a one room schoolhouse .
a man is standing at the top of a very tall ladder in front of a pink building .
two girls lean around a tree laughing .
a cook in a green apron pauses for a moment beside an outdoor grill .
a woman getting her face painted by an artist .
four children looking through rolled up booklets .
the number four dog ahead of other dogs .
a group of friends seated on concrete waiting for something .
girl in red dress cleaning the airplane wing .
a male cop is writing a ticket next to a car .
people inside and outside of booths at an event .
two blond girls in white dresses one much smaller than the other stand on the bank of a large body of water .
people on stilts walking down a path with onlookers sitting and watching .
a small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
a man with a blue mask reading a book .
a food service worker sitting on the counter .
a woman enjoying the breeze of a primitive fan .
a male clown standing alone facing right .
people watching tv while eating .
guys are shoveling and working on the ground .
dogs playing on the dirt path .
girls are preparing food to eat .
two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer .
a line of people walking down the street .
teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop .
people rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
a man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps .
a man in a gray suit and a woman in black jacket sitting at a wooden table talking .
a young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods .
animal jumping up from the pond .
an old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .
a woman walking carrying a shoegasm bag .
a man in a gray shirt is reading a book at a table outside .
a baseball player trows the ball .
a woman dressed in a white shirt is cleaning a balcony with a yellow cloth .
two chicago police officers are surveying a demolition area .
one man is playing the drums while another is singing karaoke .
two dogs playing with each other .
some kids playing on a merrygoround on a playground .
man sitting in a couch with a cup on the table .
men are shooting guns in a public square .
the crusaders are marching along the road .
a little girl is dressed in a pink ballerina costume .
the couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean .
one karateka kicking the other while the other parries the kick .
a man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .
a woman tries to volley a tennis ball .
a small white dog is running across a grassy field .
two dogs running in the surf .
a guy leaning his arm on a chair with his eyes closed .
a man on a jet ski soars through the waves .
one child is climbing in a tree while another older child watches .
two women with bags sit on the sidewalk and talk .
a baseball player preparing to slide into base .
two sumo wrestlers competing in a match .
a woman carrying an object on her head and in her hand going through town .
the woman with the scarf is watching the man cook .
a man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
the girl is swimming in the pool .
the people ride down the road on sleds .
a man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board .
people at the park under the trees .
a doctor is performing a surgery .
asian schoolgirl carrying her bags and a musical instrument .
two dolphins jump out of the water together .
a man and a woman walk at a flea market .
a boy spins on a park playground .
a ticker tape parade with a lot of people on a city street .
two young girls standing on an overlook in the mountains .
the woman is skating in the park .
a group of men running in a field .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave .
two little boys standing on a field of grass together .
two women hold a red and white flag while two other women look on .
a woman is walking at dusk down an urban street .
a man on a blue bike waiting in a line of traffic .
a man is jumping on a bridge made of stone near a mountain .
a girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
two soccer players from opposing teams leap into the air .
a man in a black tshirt sings while his band plays .
a man is sleeping on a subway seat .
a man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting white horse .
three children stand in front of two large tires .
a daschund leaps through short grass .
a group of people are on a boat .
a lady and her son playing outside in the winter .
a smiling construction worker with a white helmet .
three men are loading a makeshift cart in what appears to be a desert .
a girl in a bathtub has had her wet hair spiked up .
bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill .
a crown of woman sitting around a table .
a female politician is wearing a green jacket and holding hands with a man .
man in gray shirt rocking out on the drums .
a woman in a red striped shirt plays with a string toy .
a baseball player goes for the out while the umpire races to make the call .
going down the slide at the carnival .
a man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange .
a young child is happy because her mother is smiling at her .
the ring beerier and the flower girl walking down the isle .
a man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot .
a man sits by himself at a table by the window of a dark cafe .
a lady riding a boat looking out at the water .
a young girl is jumping in the air at the beach .
man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
the children in class are sitting on the floor .
a strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt .
a little girl touches and looks at plant leaves .
the picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding .
a baseball player slides toward a base .
two kids in a toy car at a gas station .
a large group of people gathered at night .
a football game is in progress between two teams wearing navy and white jerseys .
two men are playing baseball in a parking lot .
boys in swimming caps swim in lanes of a pool .
a white car is parked next to a tree that has red bark .
three women jumping in front of a body of water .
a woman in a long dress is hanging clothes on a clothesline .
a family posing for their portrait .
a man reads a newspaper in front of a bench .
five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree .
a man in a gray shirt and khaki pants sits on a camping chair .
a race motorcycle takes a sharp turn on the track .
a young boy is writing on a chalkboard .
a young man in an orchestra plays the didgeridoo .
a man with no shirt on and blue jeans .
a woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs .
a girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
a mom dad and baby smiling in a park .
a man sits at a table looking over a newspaper .
a athlete runs across the racing lanes on a track .
a man is standing on the shore of the ocean posing like a bird .
two people riding a scooter in the pouring rain .
two young women walking down the street on a warm day .
a boy in a party hat splashes in the water .
a child gets a piggyback ride near the oceanside .
this is a young guy reaching for a falcon on a perch .
women workers in a produce market in a foreign land .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
a person doing a leap with his bike over a hill .
two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside .
a group of runners appear to breathe heavily outside .
two women in costume smiling in a parade .
two people looking out the window watching radars .
two girls are standing behind another girl .
young boys playing ball on the beach .
a woman displaying several items of clothing .
a black dog swimming in water near rocks .
two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
a man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people .
a girl smiles and leans on a tree as she climbs a hill .
a girl with pigtails is smiling .
a crowd of people is standing outside next to a street .
a small boy in a white had near a lake playing with a snokel .
a girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
a street performer is twirling fiery sticks as an act .
a woman in a yellow hat is talking .
number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
a man with a beard is selling newspapers .
a man is taking bread out of the stove .
a man working on a car with a lot of body damage .
a fruit vendor trying to sell his fruit in a market .
soldiers are washing pans in red tubs .
a man and woman wait outside the entrance railing of a subway station outside of a sbarro italian restaurant .
woman and four little girls near cake with candles .
a man is laying down in the grass .
a man in an office is playing with a child .
a man carving an elephant while woodworking .
a man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
a cab is driving on a busy city street .
two men one sitting and one standing are at the controls at an airport .
a young bald man standing alone playing a banjo .
dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street .
a family of five sitting down at a table to eat and enjoy a dinner together .
a group of people are swimming in clear blue water .
two children hug one another .
a young boy playing basketball .
a man is sitting on a chain .
parasailing under the golden gate bridge .
woman in a white shirt and blue shorts playing tennis .
a man riding a his skates on a sunny day .
a bride amp groom cutting their wedding cake .
the lady is sitting at the sewing machine working .
woman in red tights and man with long hair walking down a city street .
a man in black surfs on a wave .
two men under a dog hanging by its mouth from a rope .
three men dressed as roman soldiers resting on some steps .
a businessman in a dark suit is talking on a cellphone .
children getting pulled into water pit while playing tugofwar .
horrific artwork displayed at the local hipster bar .
two middleaged men relaxing in some sort of transportation .
man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade .
a man in a blue coat is walking on the sidewalk .
we can see blood at the back of this man .
a dog runs on a field with its mouth open .
a man rinsing blue fabric items in murky water .
six asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
a black man is pointing at a sign .
a man in a dark colored shirt holds up a unique light .
a man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella .
several people playing instruments in a room together .
this person is falling off a scooter in a parking lot .
a dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide .
a man in a black sweatshirt plays a guitar .
children are addressing a crowd on red brick .
a man is bending backwards with black straps around him .
a girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket .
a woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
girl on a teeter totter playing violently .
a man stares at another man observing his shaving technique .
a child runs through a fountain .
people relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival .
a group of women are standing around an old fashioned ice cream truck .
the people are having fun outdoors and they are talking with coolers .
a man operating a sewing machine .
a young girl with a scythe over her shoulder is trick or treating as the grim reaper .
a dog leaping on pavement .
child postthrow of a baseball at a base .
a group of people socializing on a street .
a man in a red shirt stands against a wall while the shadow of another man can be seen in front of him .
kids playing baseball while people are watching .
a boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
a blond women walks out of a modernlooking building .
a woman writes on the ground with white chalk .
bicycles stationed while a group of people socialize .
a little girl in a dress on a playground .
a young girl sits in the grass admiring a tiny plant .
construction workers are working on a pipe on the side of a building .
a man riding a horse which is rearing up .
a snow covered street with people walking .
a dog catches a frisbee in midair .
people in black hats gathered together downtown .
people are running a race through some water .
three workers out on the field playing .
two serving people are having a deep conversation .
a dog with a red toy in its mouth .
a group of dancers in black shirts are performing on stage .
two people are playing on the couch laughing under a blanket .
a man sits on a boat stuck in the sand .
man setting up camp after canoeing .
a man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .
a cyclist works on her red upside down bike .
boy sitting on the couch playing a game of uno .
blake griffin of the los angles clippers dunking over a minnesota grizzles player .
a woman dressed with a pink jacket and jeans is carrying a big red sack .
an african boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road .
a man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on .
spectators are watching a pro golfing tournament .
a person crawls through a snow tunnel .
a rugby player is running with the ball as a defender moves to intervene .
a man is wake while being pulled by a boat .
an elderly man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a bird soars with wings spread .
three people looking at something in the snow near a tree .
a man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside .
two woman wearing jackets are looking at a board .
the police are putting up a do not cross line while many spectators watch .
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt .
people are eating in a restaurant while a man unpacks boxes downstairs .
a group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus .
people are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
a soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
a group of young girls in a fenced in area .
a guy on a skateboard jumping off some steps .
a man and a woman wait at a mass transit station .
several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down .
two young boys are playing volleyball .
a group of soldiers wearing big fuzzy black hats are standing in rows .
a woman playing in an outdoor water fountain .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
a person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
five young girls with backpacks sitting on a green park bench .
a woman in a swim cap and goggles is swimming outdoors .
a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball .
a blondhair lady sitting with a kid .
everyone attends a wedding of a loved one .
downtown shoppers passing by homeless man .
a rollerblader grinds a rail .
two people walk down a sidewalk in between buildings .
a girl in a white jacket is smiling while she holds a microphone .
a man in a yellow shirt laying on the ground .
a woman standing next to some train tracks looking at a sign .
a dog in clothes is sitting smiling at the camera .
a woman is behind a counter near a coffee maker .
an older person staring a dimly lit pictures .
people watching an interesting thing .
a tan woman riding her bike next to the beach .
a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .
a man in a white hat takes a drink .
young african man does work in a field .
a man walking through the streets selling flowers and cigarettes .
two women wearing white shirts are dancing .
a young child dressed in a white robe .
a policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching .
a ballerina in a black dress and tights dances in front of a concrete wall .
a woman is using a large loom .
two women sitting on top of a stone wall high in the mountains .
two people performing an archaeological dig .
there are two brown dogs playing in field .
a woman in a kitchen making cupcakes .
a lot of people are playing on a beach .
women in costume stand on a stage .
a construction worker is building scaffolding for the job .
smiling man with hat standing in store reading magazine that says i m pregnant on cover .
a hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts .
man standing outside of a log cabin smiling .
a large crowd of people trying to get something .
old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench .
unexpected photo op in the train station .
women and little girls performing a cultural dance .
an old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on .
a man in swim trunks poses in a yoga stance on the beach .
a man posing in front of a bird cage .
a man is pushing a bicycle powered cart down the brick street .
a man in a red shirt throwing a dart .
a young boy is floating in the water .
a man in a gray shirt throws his hand in the air in question .
an elegant food serving on table at a restaurant .
the ladies with this young girl look happy .
six men are running a race during the 2012 london olympics .
family on hillside harvesting below the tree .
a young girl wearing pink and zebra print smiling while holding a stuffed animal at a birthday party .
people walking on a sidewalk in front of a building .
a person is putting paper through a shredder .
the speckled dog runs through the marsh .
two people and a dog are resting outside .
a group of people stare upwards some seem to be in shock .
a group of people waiting around under the freeway .
girl in blue jacket holding a baby in overalls .
a group of people are visiting in a dark lit room .
people are stretching on yoga mats .
a man is walking towards an orange van .
two men standing outside of a brick building .
man using ax to take down a structure .
a man in a tie walking past a bird in flight .
a young woman is holding a mans arm .
an older man holds a small infant thats wrapped in a blue and white blanket .
a man riding a scooter crosses the street in the crosswalk .
people are crossing a busy street at night .
a kid is doing a skateboard trick at a skate park .
man and a barefoot woman lying on the grass by water snuggling .
two guys playing soccer going towards the goal .
someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
people ride in a cart being pulled by a donkey .
two teammates are guarding another man in a game of basketball .
boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
a guy working on his cars breaks with someone helping .
a man is waiting to cross the intersection .
young adult in a green shirt with redhair writing on a piece of paper .
a young kid riding a dirt bike on a track .
two young kids walk up some stairs .
a child just hit a ball while playing tball .
a man playing a guitar by a swimming pool .
a young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
two men with angry faces drink out of white cups .
a man gazes upwards while others watch him on a city street .
a man is walking into a building .
a woman carrying a large bag on her head while walking down the street .
a female standing in a doorway smoking a cigarette .
a man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake .
the dog in a red collar runs in the grass .
three women in dress suits walk by a building .
two people holding on to each other in front of a mirror .
a young boy in green pajamas playing with a toy at christmas .
a dog jumps out of the waves at the beach .
a man is tuning a black and white guitar .
a chinese street with many people and shops .
a man and a woman are fishing from shore .
a gloved woman looks at bottled materials in a laboratory .
a man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board .
clown with redhair pretending to cry .
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .
a group of young men and women laying on sunbathing chairs .
this is a man shoveling snow next to a car .
two people making out in the middle of the water .
a man on a bmx bike is performing a trick .
two youthful street performers play guitar and bongos on the street .
many people are eating and drinking at long tables in a bar .
a damaged car is parked across from people in a gray car .
a child pushes another child on a swing .
two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
a basketball player rejects another basketball players shot in midair right below the basket .
an asian class participating using hand gestures .
a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress .
an extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest .
women in black coat waits on laundry while reading newspaper .
a man driving a small black car is racing down the road .
two young flower girls stand handinhand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses .
two boys sword fighting in the middle of a crowd .
the darkhaired woman is making a sandwich .
bikers participate in a race .
a man in a kilt playing the bagpipes .
a large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
two young girls are outside in dresses .
a woman in roller derby gear looks across the room .
a boy in purple wearing a seat belt .
a young child with mouth wide open for a large spoonful of food .
two men in red hats prepare meat on a small grill .
a man running in black and white tracksuit .
two little girls sitting on a brick wall sharing at a book .
a fluffy dog looking at a yellow chew toy .
a couple in white is feeding each other .
young people at a party dancing .
a man is looking over what a street vendor has more sale .
a person is flying through the air on a bicycle after leaving a dirt jump .
a female with a guitar singing in a microphone on stage .
man playing a violin sitting on a stage in an empty hall .
a girl in a blue shirt points her finger at someone .
a woman in standing on white steps while anther one is sitting .
a group of people sitting in a lecture hall .
people cross the street on a sunny day in the city .
a large group of people are gathered at a meeting discussing things .
a man is giving a presentation using a projector .
a little girl is petting a golden dog .
people and toy airplanes along the roadside .
smiling woman holding a piece of cloth .
there is someone riding that horse .
two small tan puppies walking on a stone path .
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna .
this man has worked here for many decades .
a man in a uniform is standing on the street corner .
a couple walking on a sidewalk along a strip mall .
a woman climbing a rock cliff .
photo of an africanamerican child sitting on a toy horse .
three people are having a casual conversation .
a woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake .
a man closely examines artwork .
children with hats made of paper and streamers .
people are marching in a parade while beating drums and playing instruments .
man cutting into a piece of meat with a fork and knife .
a young girl that is wearing a cat costume .
a shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
an older male is dancing with a younger female .
two nurses are looking at items in a cart .
thousands of people attending a rally or event .
a woman slipping backwards in the snow .
a man is reading a newspaper in front of a newspaper stand .
one biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner .
a typical picture of new york city .
a dog is wading in the water .
girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
kids in a firetruck hold an american flag .
a young boy is opening a present .
a boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool .
a black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth .
a woman is crossing the street holding a baby .
a group of men cross a creek in a wooded area .
a group of people are gathered on a wooden deck .
a young girl performs a one handed cartwheel near a small garden .
a sleeping man lays on a bench resting on the lap of an older sleeping man .
four motorcyclists are stopped on the corner of the street .
nypd officers are watching woman at a beach .
two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
a woman covered in a hot pink fabric .
a young man lining up his shot in a game of pool .
a crowd of children is walking up a path in the countryside .
a woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair .
a woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone .
a little girl sitting on a bed playing a guitar .
a dog chasing a frisbee into the water .
a man in a green shirt watches as his jenga tower falls over .
a man being silly in the office while he eats his lunch .
an african american child runs after a basketball while in game with opponents .
one young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder .
someone skating boarding quickly down a road .
three men having a picnic along the water .
two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
two women in headscarves sit on a bench in a small shop .
a seminude mannequin is posed in the window .
man in front of cameras being interviewed .
a man and woman sit on the rocky overlook .
a person is swimming in a pool possibly at a meet .
a man browses the store windows of a play it again sports store .
some is waiting at a bus stop station .
older woman stares at a little bird at table covered with glasses .
a man is holding and feeding his two small children .
a woman wears an egytianlike headdress .
a woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike .
a man with a mustache eats a strawberry .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall .
a woman is standing in front of an amusement park ride .
a man with black hair and a guitar waves while on stage .
three people stand on a city street while one takes a photo .
two women carrying shopping bags converse on a pedestrian bridge .
a group of young men throwing rocks in a foreign country .
a man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids .
a young man is jumping his bike at a skate park .
man in working clothes operates a rotating drum .
two men and two boys look over the deck of a boat .
a man in jeans looking in the back of his truck for something .
band members are performing music at a concert .
a cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade .
a family at a table with colorful plates getting ready to eat .
a brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
a quarterback is pressured to throw the ball as quickly as possible to avoid being sacked .
brown dog jumps while man holds a stick up high .
a man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move .
a childs legs while squeezing through a dog door .
a dog catches black frisbee .
a sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
multiple people kneeling on the ground .
there is a woman in all white on stilts walking down a boardwalk .
a man leans over into a fountain .
an elderly man is standing in a tshirt shop .
a group of girls are playing netball .
a young couple with child shops at a small sandwich and coffee shop .
a lady wearing shorts and a green shirt is smiling .
something gets knocked down by a bulldozer .
the players are resting after a hard game .
a lady is competing for the olympics tennis match by trying to hit the ball in midair .
a player throws a ball and other tries to catch it .
a kid wearing safety gear stands on some material in the water .
a man sits beside parked cars on a city street .
a dog putting his legs into a pond .
a group of women is the same white shirt are in the street .
kids play soccer on a field .
a man and a woman riding a train .
a man is standing at a desk about to speak .
two people are in the ocean .
a picture being taken above two little foreign girls .
the boy in yellow shorts leaps from riverbank towards the river .
a boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
a couple at standing at the corner embracing .
a hungry looking woman is trying to decide what to get from the deli .
black dog climbs over fence in grassy area .
two young boys are playing lacrosse .
woman in heels and skirt looking at products .
three women are picking up groceries and food items from the back of a truck .
a fish sellers stock is looked upon by two old men .
a woman is holding a picket sign on a sidewalk .
two tan dogs running along a concrete path together .
men getting ready for sxswo to go live on the air .
a band is playing music on stage in the city .
a guy fixing a computer part turning to look at the one who is taking his picture .
a man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building .
man driving a race car competitively .
three men putting items on their blue boat .
in the sauna two younger men relax in the heat and steam .
people watching a lively concert under an orange tent .
multiple men in black and white plaid cloth dancing around a torch .
an elderly person picked up trash on a beach .
a number of people stand around talking at an art gallery .
stopping at a table with umbrella on a city sidewalk .
a volleyball player striking a volleyball .
two indian men have a conversation .
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .
a man in the backseat of a moving car is playing a guitar .
a toddler boy rides the playground horse .
a man eats from a large serving dish of yellow food .
a woman rockclimbing on a cliff .
a woman in a striped shirt is being shown a necklace .
two men watch another play on a brass bugle .
several people at a table with laptops .
a baby with blondhair crying or yelling .
a group of bicyclist having their arms around each other .
a man in a black shirt has a white towel covering his face .
a dog runs through a snowy field .
a man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress .
an old woman standing near bags of things .
a young boy leaps off a swing .
an elderly black man using a sewing machine on a shirt .
a street vendor is gathering bread and pretzels to sell .
a man wearing a jacket is having a drink .
two men are standing and one has a hose .
some people farming out in their field .
a woman with green hair is swinging at a pinata .
a bus being worked on by a mechanic .
a woman is riding a red bike .
two africanamerican men workout on a football field .
the crowd is gathering for an event at best buy .
a woman is sitting on a boat reading her book .
the janitor is vacuuming the floor to make it ready for the day .
an older man and woman exercise on treadmills .
a hiker walking near a waterfall .
child sitting down looking at train ride brochure .
a male singer is raising his arms and pointing at the crowd with a mic in his hand .
a man wearing a blue jacket is writing .
two dogs play out in the snow covered grass .
a football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
soccer players wearing black shirts standing along the goal line .
a man in a green hat dozes while riding the train .
three young men lounge while drinking beer from bottles .
the grandmother and her granddaughter are looking at the sea .
crowd of people walking in the street .
a guy in a striped shirt is pointing and smiling .
a white jeep in the dirt in the woods .
men looking at a big piece of machinery .
barefoot grain workers sift grain on colored tarp .
construction workers repair walls of a subway .
graffiti covers most open space in this picture .
a bald man watches television during christmas time while eating candy .
two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .
a smiling redhaired woman wearing an orange dress serves beer .
an older gentleman with face paint is playing the violin .
two black dogs fight in a field .
a man and a police officer talk to each other .
a pitcher standing at the mound is making a throw .
a man walks along side a young girl riding a bicycle .
road paving outside of a place that serves fish and chips .
young boy plays ball on the beach .
two man are talking inside the baseball playing area .
a bicyclist uses an improvised ramp to catch air .
a dog is chewing on a metal pole .
four workers are taking a break .
a large man sits in a military accessories store .
a blond girl wearing work gloves bushes a wheelbarrow .
a large group of people are throwing their hands up in excitement .
two men in full battle dress one on top and the other one inside of a jeep .
a grayhaired man is sitting outside talking on the phone .
a man in a wetsuit surfing .
a man and woman are sitting on a train looking to the right .
a man with an orange vest next to a train works with a handheld device .
an asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner .
man in gray jacket sitting on bench reading a book .
an older man sitting between two young women .
the young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
a group of older asian women talking .
a man surfs on a yellow board .
the man is hiking up a grassy mountainside .
a man walking in a brown field with an airplane in the background .
two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences .
a old man and a youth work on starting a tiller .
two dogs playing on snow covered ground .
overweight man in sweatshirt on his laptop outside .
a woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball .
a quad rider kicking up dust in the jungle .
a construction worker building walls with a drill .
a cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
group of children posed on outside patio .
three men are cooking food outdoors .
five construction workers are working on a project .
a boy plays with sand near green grass .
a man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating .
a bunch of people at a train station .
woman standing with a child on a swing .
a woman in a dress waits outside a liquor store .
a man sits with his head down on a subway .
a man sits on a red sofa next to a cat .
a man walking in front of a store .
several women are playing a game of beach volleyball .
two well dressed men are walking down a busy street .
women in pink in front of an iced coffee drink truck .
two men playing in a basketball game against each other .
two little boys holding up there bowls of food for the camera .
a man and a woman resting after exercise .
a man using a small chisel to do woodworking .
jockeys racing horses down a grass track .
a group eating lunch on break .
a pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole .
the large wave is crashing down over a surfer .
pretty young lady brushing her teeth .
a group of motocross racers lined up to start .
the truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
several soccer players in defensive position s on the ground during a game .
two sunbathing people are sitting on a bench in front of a bride and groom .
he is smiling while having a drink .
a man is sleeping on the sidewalk on top of a box .
two women wearing open toed shoes are riding a motorcycle .
a little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
two ladies looking for bread to purchase .
two young men in are in a gym one of them is punching a punching bag .
a kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
a man rows his boat while the sun sets .
two girls look through a microscope .
a small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod .
a motorcyclist is wearing a pink and blue racing suit .
kids work at computers with a teachers help .
a golden dog has a long stick in its mouth .
a man windsurfing in the ocean .
a soldier stands in front of a portrait .
two poodles playing with a red toy .
two women smile while sitting at a table .
a man striking a ballet pose on a rooftop .
a cheering happy crowd in a stadium waving flags and ribbons .
a brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
a man in a black jacket is holding onto a boy with brown hair in a red jacket .
man leaning on railing with lampost behind him .
a person riding a bike in the dirt .
a man in a lime green shirt and helmet on the side of the road .
a man with no shirt standing on a scaffolding .
a woman in a red tshirt is preparing an icee .
two men are sitting working on their computers .
a man looks excited as he begins to spray champagne in the air .
a woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear .
father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo .
family sitting on a bench near the beach .
two men play acoustic guitar in a public place .
two men inspect the younger boys arm for injuries .
a girl holds her breath underwater in a pool .
several older people stand near a ladder while wearing costumes .
a girl in red and white plays with a purple toy .
a man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks .
these kids are having fun coloring .
three women waiting for public transportation .
a dog catches a red frisbee in the snow .
a man in a red sleep mask sleeps on a train .
an artist in a gray tshirt works on a modern piece .
the man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike .
two women are looking at a boy skateboard .
swimmers compete in the butterfly .
a girl in a ballet fairy costume is touched by a wand .
a small child with a toy golf club .
a young girl jumping on an enclosed trampoline .
the boy licks the icing from the spoon .
a boy turning a somersault in his yard .
a man is at an event catching a young calf .
a band playing in a bar in front of a crowd .
children in uniforms chase pigeons .
a rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle .
two men are outside behind a building getting drinks .
a group of friends at having fun at a party .
a man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street .
young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid .
man skateboarding off of a ramp .
a family enjoying a meal outside in the shade .
a man barbecuing in his backyard as he gets ready for the day .
one of the many volleyball players in the tournament .
workers are paving a road using concrete .
a little girls takes a bite out of an apple in a field on a sunny day .
a man in a leather jacket is sitting on a fence by the beach .
the shirtless boy is sitting on a skateboard .
a young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white cardboard box .
two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
man sitting in a van talks to two young girls .
some people are playing fooseball .
two women and a man pose for the camera .
a police officer is ordering coffee at a shop and has many gadgets strapped to his belt .
two young girls on a playground .
the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket .
a man holding a white sweatshirt stands next to a white car .
a man and woman dancing in the street .
two women are eating food together .
a man in a speedo is setting up his beach blanket .
two athletes in a gym fencing with each other .
a woman with a laundry basket in a portable cart takes a stroll .
a shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party .
several people are crossing a street .
someone on a skateboard around a ramp in a skate park .
a slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
a man in a black hat reaches into a box .
a man is holding a drink next to another man smoking .
man operating technology with earphones on .
man in a blue shirt and white hat cleaning a fountain .
people walking past a cart full of blue plastic large water bottles .
a large woman sitting in front of the beatle story exhibit .
two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant .
huge crowd are gathered probably to demonstrate .
a musician plays music near a tree .
some people participating in a road race .
one woman is trying on a hat in the mirror while another lady helps her .
six boys wearing orange robes walking on the side of a road .
people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .
a person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street .
a black dog and a tan dog fighting .
comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile .
a group of people holding a sign that says maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody .
a young man is performing a jump on a wakeboard .
a boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air .
a black dog is shaking water off his body .
a man lying in the middle of a hug rock .
a kid in a black shirt standing behind the counter at a store .
a lone clown adding some much needed color to the world .
a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
a person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
a brown dog squating on grass .
a child rides a mechanical ride .
a woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse .
the boy is sitting on the street ground .
two teams play hockey while the audience watches .
a surfer rides the waves .
two working men take a water break .
a man stands on a ladder propped up against a brick building .
the man and the woman are sitting at a table .
a large duck in flight over a rocky stream .
one male lifting an item from the ocean while wearing a life vest and helmet .
a redhaired woman playing the violin .
a gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion .
an indian woman in traditional garb walks by with an umbrella .
a native american is sitting on the grass with a rope project next to her .
a group of four people congregate on a sidewalk .
a group of men wearing band uniforms red jackets and black hats playing the drums .
a person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain .
the little child is wearing red arm floaties .
a lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
two older males talking whilst one holds a chicken .
a guy throwing what looks like a knife at a wall .
a young man reads a book in bed .
a ski jumper is in the air .
a birdseye view of a sidewalk with many people .
a boy skateboarding down a steep incline .
a group of african american girls are sitting together .
longhaired skateboarder jumping over bike rack in a city .
three photographers are lined up on tile .
a man with a tennis racket in a field .
a man is walking through the water with a fishing net .
a young woman skates on ice .
girl in a blue jacket is eating a panini .
patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar .
mules loaded with luggage with a man on one of them .
a large white bird goes across the water .
a boy points at something while a man looks .
a woman repaints a room inside her apartment .
a boy in a striped shirt walking a small dog on a leash .
this is a tree man in a tree getting ready to work .
child in red during christmas looking at toy story toys .
a man is looking through his telescope on a clear night .
two women are wearing bras and kissing .
a helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
a baby decides to pack himself away in a suitcase .
number 2 and 3 mountain bikers ride on trail in the woods .
these men are performing in a rock band .
the indian couple mingle at the party .
woman wearing high heels falls on a cake .
older men concentrate while playing a game of dominoes .
a group of runners in a race occupy a street .
a woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk .
a boy at a skate park is at the apex of his trick while other boys look on .
two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums .
a soldier with a gun crouching on a street with fire .
man and boy work their fruit cart .
an adolescent in green pants blue jeans and a red hat is sitting on a skateboard .
a dog chases another dog .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
two people with bikes standing in front of a building .
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .
a man takes a picture of someone on the sidewalk dressed in a silver costume .
a dog jumping high to clear the bars .
a child is holding three birds in his hands .
this man is at a cemetery it looks like .
shirtless children play in the water .
a group of protesters picket in the road .
a young woman in glasses is holding a young boy with a bowl on her shoulders and a small girl in front of her .
two women sit facing each other while one looks out the window and the other reads a book .
a female in an orange sweatsuit walks down the street .
two dancers on stage in a club .
a stone wall with lush green grass .
an elderly man is buying food at an asian market .
a man and a child observing something in a field .
a team mascot raising its hands toward people .
a man sits under an umbrella beside a pond while he works .
two girls riding in the street on a mo pad .
a newswoman being filmed in times square .
two dance artist dressed as astronauts .
a young woman on a rope and plank swing in an outdoor setting .
a bad neighbor hood were there is vandalism on the buildings .
a woman is applying makeup to another woman .
the billboard is presenting the now showing movies .
a man in a red tshirt is using an atm .
a girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle .
a woman is holding and looking at a camera .
new mall has opened bringing a lot of shoppers .
older man walking in crazy shadows .
a young man lifting the lid to a dumpster .
a woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
a dog leaps over the water from a rock .
a man in a plaid jacket works with flowers .
a little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach .
toddler stands next to snow covered playhouse .
a dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
a man in a deli is using a meat slicer .
some people hanging out on a large backyard deck .
a happy looking couple are dancing while a crowd of others look on .
a little girl is looking a microscope while wearing a pink furry jacket .
a man in a red shirt listens to a woman .
a woman and a man carrying a pink cooler .
an elderly man wearing white coveralls holding a paintbrush .
a woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
many police in shielded helmets are gathered underneath a railway .
a group of people dancing together .
four men play a basketball game against each other .
three people play one another at foosball .
a man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
a mannequin dressed in lingerie is being advertised .
a group of people is looking out over a pier .
a young boy carrying a stool for a big event in his village .
women in bikinis play beach volleyball by the waterside .
two ladies collecting garbage in the dunes .
two people are reading while sitting outdoors .
a young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water .
runners are competing in a marathon .
men and women are dancing together .
a teenager in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
baby boy sleeping on a blanket in the grass .
a man and a lady both wearing white shirts are looking off into the distance .
group of horse riders travel through the woods .
a asian women walks to a pillar next to a building .
this child is wearing a life vest and kayaking .
two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on .
a woman is talking on a cellphone on a crowded sidewalk .
a group of people in clown makeup perform on the street .
a person hits a ball with a tennis racket .
asian men saying hello to each other .
a woman looking through what appears to be a telescope .
little toddler riding his bike for the first time .
two girls at a restaurant are eating .
a woman watches a dog jumping through a field .
a group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach .
a japanese boat is sailing on dark waters .
a dalmatian is playing near a tree .
two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them .
young men search through compact discs .
men are trying to sell balloons and balls .
black man in black leather jacket .
youths jump in a bounce castle outside .
a man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge .
the refugees are sitting with their children try to cook in the fire .
a person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows .
a man is sitting outdoors at the edge of a body of water .
the dirt bike rider is driving the number 94 bike .
a man in the dark is drinking a beverage .
a man is covered up with a red sleeping bag .
a group of young people sitting and talking .
a man and his dog in the mountains .
