four people are sitting in an enclosure that looks like a halfopen eggshell .
an older man is adjusting equipment for skeet shooting .
a dog jumps up to take something from a womans hand .
an indian woman is sitting on the ground amongst drawings rocks and shrubbery .
two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones .
two men are sitting on a patio one has no shoes on and is drinking a bottle with a yellow cozy over it .
a young boy in a red cap catching up with his friends .
a parade of men hold red and yellow flags as they wave them proudly .
a man with a yellow shirt standing behind a black podium .
people are sitting around dimly lit tables while smiling and laughing .
two little girls both dressed in brown and one with a peace sign on her shirt play in a green meadow .
a man in an apron is testing food while cooking over a stove .
the woman is sitting in the boat being rowed by the man .
a man walking alone in a large green sports field .
groups of people are walking around times square in new york .
three men in horned helmets are standing beside each other .
a man is blocking a soccer ball from being kicked into a goal by several kids and a man .
a studious man wearing a red and black plaid shirt looks over his test .
a man in checkered pants black jacket and a checkered hat is holding a waiters tray .
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .
a person has his or her hands in a dogs mouth .
a train conductor looks out the window of his train while smiling .
a snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
a child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red .
three older people are sitting around a barbecue grill .
woman performing in beautiful white dress holding microphone and surrounded by musicians at a jazz festival .
a small boy wearing a yellow sweatshirt is climbing up a fruit tree .
a black antique race car with the number 63 is driving on a racetrack .
a man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
three construction workers working on the street .
a dog approachs a small creature in a barren snowy field .
the boy in the multicolor striped shirt is looking at the red box .
a man and boy wearing blue wetsuits play in the ocean near a large rock .
a man sitting on construction equipment behind a chain link fence .
a young girl plays with building blocks in a day care .
a group of people consisting of 6 people are waiting somewhere while 4 of them are talking to each other .
a man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar .
a young girl going down a tube slide .
the man in the middle raises his arms as he and the two women face the platform .
five individuals three females and two males are performing a dance in period costume wear outside .
a group of people on a street covered with trash and smoke .
a white kid with blue shorts about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
children are playing on a playground set with one another .
a group of children are playing soccer barefoot on a sandy field .
woman with purple hair and blue earrings smiles on a sunny day .
two young men watching the fast moving cars on the street in front of them .
black male vendor staying cool under his white umbrella waiting for customers .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a pink bicycle .
a young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
a black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field .
three young girls jump rope out by a rock wall .
a young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk .
two asian people cooking on a grill in a park .
a man is rowing in a small boat called neptuno .
four girls sitting around a black plastic bag full of fabric .
a man and a woman are dancing or acting outdoors with a small crowd watching .
a man in a hat and tie performs with his violin on a street corner .
a knight on horseback and another man reenact a medieval scene for a group of spectators .
a skinny guy is eating a sandwich while using the computer .
a soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team .
a woman in a black bikini holds a baby at the beach while another little girl watches a dog .
a girl in pink slides down the slide at a playground .
a girl with a orange bob holding her hands out in front of some folding tshirts .
the little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear .
a person sitting down hold 2 items and a camera around their neck holding an instrument .
two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset .
two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats .
many people wearing numbered pieces of paper run down a street .
old man taking a stroll along the beautiful rolling green hills .
six young people are jumping up with their hands in the air .
a group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate .
a male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean .
a man wearing a white uniform cuts a tree in front of a white house .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building .
a group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake .
a woman works a project with thread in hand .
four individuals are all gathered around a coffee table with a pink flower on it and sitting on sofa chairs .
a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background .
a dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
a little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
a young man surfs a big wave while others idle in the background .
two men in blue uniforms and rollerblades are speaking to a man in an alley .
a driver wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap looks out the window of a white propane truck .
school children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom .
a worker in an orange vest and hard hat is on top of a yellow ladder working on a phone line while other men work below .
two schoolgirls peeking around a tree and laughing .
a man with a dark green apron standing with his hands on his waist with a grill in the background .
a woman in redhair applies a bronze face paint design to another womans left eye .
four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
a race dog leaps a large stride as others follow behind .
young adults posing for a photo at night somewhat chilly outside .
a woman in a red dress prepares for another day at work .
an officer writing up a parking a ticket to a car .
people standing inside and beside red booths with white circles on them .
two little girls in dresses one older one younger on a shoreline with some larger rocks just sticking out of the water .
six people in midevil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers .
a little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth .
a man reads a tonka truck book in the doctors office while wearing a face mask .
a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
here is a woman sitting on a mat with some sort of contraption that resembles a silk spinner .
a clown stands in front of a blurredout crowd .
some people watch football on a tv screen in a shop .
three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
a huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog .
two servers in a restaurant or cafeteria .
there are two guys in blue uniforms standing outside at a soccer goal .
four people walking along the side of a brick building .
four guys are sitting in shopping carts on a city rooftop .
a woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
a man is sitting at a table smiling amp talking to a woman sitting next to him who is paging through a book .
a girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees .
a black dog jumping in water in the woods .
a bearded man dressed in jeans and a jacket is preparing to play a flute instrument on the sidewalk .
people gathered on a deck while a lady walks by with a bag from a shoe store .
a man is sitting outside at a table and his backpack is next to him on the ground .
a ball player on the dirt mound pitching .
a woman in a white tshirt and gold necklace cleaning a rail with a yellow towel .
two chicago police officers are talking while viewing a work site from above .
a man in a white shirt sings into a microphone as he reads the words on a screen while a balding man plays the drums .
two pale brown dogs tussling on paved ground .
several africanamerican youths are playing on a playground merrygoround .
a man in a green shirt reclines in a lounge chair in a living room of a house .
men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air .
a group of men are dressed for a renaissance faire .
two young black girls are in ballerina tutus performing ballet .
a couple hold each other standing on a ferry looking out at a ferry .
two guys both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt they are having a match .
a man i a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum .
a woman wearing a yellow shirt and shorts hit the tennis ball .
the little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
the two dogs are running through the water side by side .
a young man in a black shirt has propped up his head with his arm and has nearly fallen asleep .
a person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave .
a little girl in a red shirt and jeans climbs a small tree while another little girl looks on .
two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb .
a baseball player is attempting to tag out a runner .
two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
woman in blue headscarf and black clothing carrying 2 trays of pastries outside a building .
a woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .
a wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
a young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
four children snow sledding down a hill .
a male in a red shirt has two dead skinned animals on a table with a saw nearby and a knife in his hand .
a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
a surgeon is working on a patient using surgical tools .
a young asian girl is wearing a school uniform and standing in a market setting looking for someone .
two dolphins flying headfirst into a beautiful tropical blue lake .
a young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
a child slides down a pole on a playground .
crowds of people are walking in the street and with confetti falling on them .
two females looking at a mountain in a park wearing bathing suits .
woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on gray surface .
rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background .
a man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak .
two small children are talking in a field in front of a yellow caution tape .
there are 4 women standing on a sidewalk and 2 of the women are holding a flag that is white and red .
a girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone .
a man on a blue motorcycle is waiting in traffic on a busy city street .
a man is doing a jump on a rocky passage that overlooks a barren group of trees .
a little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park .
two teams one wearing green one wearing red playing a game of soccer .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him .
a man laying on a seat face down possibly sleeping .
a man wearing a military uniform riding a white horse down the street as spectators watch from behind barricades .
a group of children stand outside in front of two large tires .
the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass .
there are several people on a boat and one is person is dropping their drawers and mooning passersby .
a woman in a blue coat is playing in the snow with a child .
a man in an orange jacket and white hat looks offcamera .
three black men are working in a desert scene and loading something onto a makeshift trailer .
a smiling toddler is sitting in a bathtub with her wet hair pulled into a long wet spike coming off the top of her head .
several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
a group of women sitting around a table for lunch .
a woman in a green blazer is shaking hands with a man in a suit in front of a large crowd of people .
a man in a gray shirt with crazy hair playing the drums .
a very young lady playing a game with a string and spinning tops .
a baseball player tries to slide into third base while another player blocks him as an umpire approaches .
some people are standing around a large inflatable slide watch a child slide down it .
an old wearing a gray hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people .
a baby girl wearing an orange and pink outfit is smiling while being held .
a small boy and small girl are wearing formal clothes at a wedding while walking down the aisle .
a man in a red jacket is walking in front of cars which are covered with snow .
a man with dark hair is sitting in a half backed chair by a window overlooking a street .
a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .
a little girl in a flower print bathing suit jumping into the ocean .
two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
there are several asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor .
a gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort .
a young girl with a white tank top examines the leaves of a plant .
four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes .
a baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station .
crowd outside at night walking to their destination .
four football players look on from the sideline while two teams are in formation at the line of scrimmage .
one man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot .
two boys wearing swim caps are in a swimming pool .
a white suv is parked in front a building with a tree whose trunk is painted red .
three women leap into the air in joy on the shore .
a woman in a blue and red dress stands outside her house hanging the laundry .
two adults two children and two dogs are sitting on a sofa .
a man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench .
two workers holding up the tree look around while the other two work hard with their shovels .
a man jokes with his friends as they all sit in camping chairs joking and eating .
a motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle .
a little girl drawing with chalk on a chalkboard .
a man dressed in black plays a long instrument with others in an orchestra .
roofer going to get the rest of his tools after realizing the chainsaw isnt the right tool for the job .
a person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements .
girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog .
a family of three in the park dad and mom are smiling with their little baby .
a man in a dark sweatshirt is sitting at a table with a red pen and a newspaper .
a woman who is showing major emotion on a running track .
a girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
two people riding a motor scooter in the rail down the road in the rain .
a woman wearing a black shirt is looking at a woman with a beverage in her hand on a sidewalk .
a boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
there are two children walking along a beach with a bridge in the background .
a guy with a microphone and wearing a green shirt is approaching a bird .
a market offers a variety of fresh colorful vegetables in the open air .
an old lady wearing a gray hat coming out of the store .
a man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark .
two women are shoveling a large pile of dirt with some sort of smoke or mist .
exhausted looking men and women are finishing up a marathon .
two women are participating in part of a dragon dance .
a woman and a man are in an airtraffic control tower looking out onto an airfield .
two women are laughing behind a girl who is sitting down .
barefoot boys play soccer in front of an african river with colorful boats .
a woman standing on grass is holding jackets and a dress .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river .
a smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog .
a man is jumping on a pogo stick on the sidewalk in front of an audience .
a woman is posing in front of a hilly landscape while holding a tree .
a child with her hair tied is smiling .
a crowd of people forms across the city street filled with traffic .
a kid with a white hat and a blue towel around his neck is carrying a scuba mask .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .
a woman wearing glasses and a yellow shirt is holding her hand out .
a man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
a man with a scruffy beard passes out fliers near a few bikes chained to a gate .
an older asian man is baking bread sticks in an oven .
a person on their knees next to a car with pieces of wood underneath .
a man with long redhair a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market .
individuals in uniform some camouflage and some yellow dip silver apparatuses into red and blue buckets .
a woman talking on her cellphone and a man are standing outside of a sbarro pizza restaurant next to the subway .
boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake .
the man with the scarf is lying on the lawn .
a man sitting at a computer hides his face from a little boy in a gray shirt .
an african american carving images into a plank of wood .
a male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
a crowded street is filled with many cars and pedestrians .
two men one in a blue shirt and another in a gray shirt put on friendly faces and pose for a picture .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a tent holding a banjo or guitar .
many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area .
a couple are eating at a table on a covered patio while two infants in highchairs and another woman look on .
a child in a pink flotation device is in the water and surrounded by adults .
two children are hugging each other indoors .
boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball .
a man is sitting in the chain while texting .
a remote controlled childrens toy motorboat flies a kite under a bridge in the water .
a female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court .
a person wearing rollerblades is skating along side a railing .
a bride and groom cut a threetiered cake in a dark room .
a woman wearing a mask is sewing something on her sewing machine .
a woman with a black jacket and red scarf and leggings walks with a man while another passes and looks back at them .
a man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
three people wearing gladiator garb standing in front of a building .
a man in a black coat and blue shirt is talking on his phone indoors .
a young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts pulling on a rope standing in a pit of mud .
a newspaper sculpture is in the middle of a crowded walkway .
two male friends are riding the train together while relaxing and drinking beer .
a young man bearing his midriff and other people are gathered in a city street .
a man in a blue windbreaker walks past a building with the address 330 .
a man in traditional garb is bleeding from cuts on his back .
a dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out .
a worker wearing gloves is bending over and working .
there are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders .
a woman wearing a black shirt is pointing to glass that has the word utiah written on it .
a man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand .
a man with white hair a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter .
three men play instruments while others stand in the room .
a person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
the dog is wearing a red baseball cap and has its mouth wide open .
a white man is playing a guitar in a recording studio .
crowd gathered around a group of young performers .
a white man wearing white underwear is bending over backwards while wrapped in black bands .
a woman derssed in a black sweater gloves hat and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
a girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle .
a girl on the end of a seesaw with her hair blowing all over her face .
two guys in a mirror one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving .
a darkhaired boy wearing a green tshirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him .
people are sitting in the grass at night during a carnival or fair of some kind .
women in children wait in line for an ice cream truck outside of a building .
many people are gathered and the group in the foreground is conversing with drinks and their coolers nearby .
this is a picture of an asian man in a factory sewing .
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jackolantern on someones porch in the background .
the furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete .
a boy in a maroon shirt and cap with gloves playing in a baseball ground .
a group of people congregate outside while a man in a black shirt and glasses walks toward the camera .
a man standing against a building in the sunlight as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture .
at a little league baseball game an umpire calls safe as a player crosses home .
a child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
woman by building in short coat with other building in view .
a young woman writes a message in chalk on the pavement .
a group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground .
a child playing with her peers in the school playground .
asianamerican little girl wearing blue jeans and a flowery shirt playing with a flower on the ground .
the construction crew has brought in a crane to assist in erecting ventilation shaft .
a man is hanging on to a rearing horse with brush in the background .
a group of pedestrians walk down a city street .
a terrier mix catches a frisbee in the air .
a group of hasidic jews stand amidst a crowd adjacent to a busy city street .
runners race through kneedeep water in a marathon .
three men getting some kind of grass together on a windy day .
people working in front and behind a really nice counter with black tile .
a dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .
several people are dancing in a dance routine on stage as others look on .
a man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies .
a man sits in a big blue boat looking at dirty water .
the man is setting up a tent on the shore near the ocean .
a man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains .
a woman repairing a bicycle wearing a black shirt and jeans and white shoes .
a small boy holding a hand of cards with uno cards in the foreground .
a basketball game is occurring and three men in white jerseys are watching a man in a red los angeles jersey dunk the basketball .
an older woman is carrying a large red sack in front of a wall covered by graffiti .
local african boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart .
a man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him .
a golfer takes a swing at a golf course while a crowd of onlookers watches .
a child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
two muddy athletes from opposing teams going head to head in a game of rugby while fans watch expectantly .
water splashes up as a man waterskis through a lake .
an older gentleman in a blue longsleeve shirt is preparing food on a round table with a woman in the background .
a white bird flies agains the backdrop of green foliage .
man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip .
a man in a black cap and white shirt is grilling burgers while wearing gloves .
the lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy .
police officers putting yellow tape from a doorway to a tree to stop bystanders from entering the area .
the guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard .
upstairs in a cafe one man is eating and at a separate table another speaks on a cellphone while downstairs a man sits among cardboard boxes .
a group of young people most wearing red wave for the camera as they walk by buses .
people are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
a soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
a group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence .
a person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
several people including a young girl with a pink top and shorts waiting at a bus stop .
a group of children sit as they seem to watch and listen to someone .
two boys kicking a ball over a net outside .
men wearing red jackets black hats and black pants standing in formation .
a woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain .
a black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
the person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
teens dressed as native americans sit in the park with their school bags on the ground .
a swimmer with a blue cap and blue goggles swims in calm water .
a tennis player demonstrates a twohanded forehand shot during a match .
the mother in green is looking at her son while he is crying .
a restaurant setting inside a building where people are currently dining .
a man sits on the sidewalk in front of an asian restaurant as people pass .
boy skating on a railing in a parking lot .
a man and a woman walk down an urban alley flanked by small businesses on either side .
an older man sits at a table behind a sign saying nursing idol as a woman wearing white stands next to him holding a microphone .
man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement .
people wait on a train platform at washington and wells in the city .
a dog wearing a tshirt is standing on the ground in front of a lawn chair .
this is a classic european style cafe with a woman standing behind the counter making coffee .
a person is observing photos that are in frames on a wall .
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture .
a tanned woman is riding a bicycle while wearing a white bikini .
the man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean .
a man sits and drinks a drink with other people in the background .
an adult holds up a bushel of sticks in a field .
a man carries bouquets of flowers and a box of cigarettes and suckers .
two women wearing sleeveless dresses are dancing .
a young child wearing an embroidered hat and clothing .
a police officer works while resting his right foot on his motorcycle .
a ballerina wearing pink shoes black tights and a gray dress strikes a pose in front of a building with large columns .
a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red white and blue cloth .
a lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else .
two archaeologists digging out some archaeologist things .
two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass .
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .
there is a highly populated beach with clear water .
several women dressed in colorful costumes near a city hall building .
workman standing on scaffolding against the new york city skyline .
a man in the middle of the section for womens lifestyle magazines reads a magazine that declares i m pregnant .
several hockey players are at the end zone as the goalie misses the puck which slid into the net .
a young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling .
a crowd of women and children being frightened by something in the sky .
an old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
a white woman wearing white pants and a black top is waiting for the bus to come .
a colorfully costumed group of women and children performs a dance on stage .
an old man and a young woman are dancing back and forth in what looks to be a wedding surrounded by its attendants .
a young man performs yoga inspired by a beautiful day on the beach .
a man is standing beside a large colorful birdcage containing birds .
a man in a green sweatshirt and jeans pushes a bike with a cart attached to it down a street .
a man with dark hair and a red shirt throws a dart at an offcamera target .
a young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat .
a man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table .
food sits on white plates in front of wineglasses and a wine rack .
two women standing behind a young girl holding two trophies .
usain bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 london olympics .
people outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house .
a young girl in a zebra jumper dress and pink turtleneck is opening her birthday gifts and receives a stuffed dog .
several people gathered at a train station one on rollerblades .
a mans arms putting some paper in a copying machine .
a large dog runs through a field in the rain .
two people and a dog laying down at a memorial park .
an asian tour group looks towards a site as their guide with a green flag faces towards them .
group of people standing and sitting under overpass .
a young girl holding a small child whos wearing blue overalls .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt pointing upwards .
women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on .
a gloved man is walking on a sidewalk near an orange van .
two men are standing against a brick wall one is one a cellphone .
a man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance .
as a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him .
there is a lady and a man sitting on a bench talking and watching people .
the old man in a baseball cap and glasses looked down at the baby wrapped in a striped blanket .
a man wearing sunglasses and a white shirt is riding a yellow moped .
seven people walking in the street while traffic waits .
a young boy performs a skateboard trick off of a small ledge .
a man and a woman are relaxing on the grass in front of a body of water .
two men are playing a sport similar to soccer with one in red trying to pass the defender in blue .
a man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
five people a man and four women are being pulled in a cart by a mule on a sunny day .
a group of young men playing basketball two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball .
a child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike .
a woman in a yellow shirt and a man in a gray shirt are fixing a car .
an intersection with a couple cars you can see the back of a bus .
a young man with redhair and a green shirt doing his homework at a table in the library .
a child wearing a helmet and dirt bike gear rides a dirt bike over a dirt hill .
a young boy in a red jacket and a young girl in a pink jacket are climbing stairs .
a boy in a light blue tshirt and red shorts runs forward as he is swinging a baseball bat behind him .
a man sits in a chair by the pool playing the guitar .
a man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
a man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces .
a street performer tosses up a ball in front of a small crowd .
a man is standing next to a red door .
a person carrying what looks to be a pillow on their head walking down an alley .
a blondhair woman with an orange shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
a man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water .
the man is parasailing and doing a trick .
white dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass .
three women in business wear walk across a courtyard .
woman in black and white shirt dancing with man in all black in a studio .
a boy in green pajamas plays with a red toy while a woman in a robe sits smiling in a chair behind him .
a wet dog is jumping through some water on a beach .
a man wearing a gray shirt is tuning his guitar .
people shopping on a fairly busy street at night .
a couple fishing on the waters edge standing on the rocks .
a woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove .
a man in red and black striped clothing is sitting on a diving board with a yellow hat on .
a redhaired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
the man in the red jacket is taking a nap outside on a raised concrete wall .
three women and two men in swimsuits sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels .
a man is shoveling snow next to a nissan altima with new jersey plates .
a man and woman standing in shallow ocean embracing and kissing .
a man is doing a bicycle trick at a bike park with ramps .
two street musicians playing a guitar and bongo drums with the guitar case open for donations .
several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them .
a silver car is passing by a red car that has tape over the back windshield .
a boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
a small dog stands next to a larger dog out in a field .
a basketball player in a white uniform tries to shoot a basketball while a player in a red uniform is above him and pushes the ball towards the ground .
young kids showing a game they play in their country .
a blond woman is marrying a man in a gray suit .
a man wearing yellow is riding a bike in the woods .
a woman with short hair reads a map as she sits in a laundromat .
a man drives a black car in front of several large metal shipping containers .
regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white .
two young barefoot men in white square off against each other in an impromptu arena .
a woman behind a counter puts together a sandwich using tongs .
there are many men racing on their bicycles .
a man in traditional scottish garb plays a bagpipe .
a large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
two young girls in dresses stand together in front of a yellow wall .
a woman who face is streaked with black lines and dressed in roller derby gear adjusts her strap .
a little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat .
a very young girl wearing a yellow shirt and navy dress eats rice .
a group of campers lakeside preparing and barbecuing food .
from afar a person walks down a path through a brown field .
two girls one with a pink flower in her hair reading a letter sitting on a stone ledge .
a shaggy white dog plays with a colorful chew toy .
a bride and groom are feeding each other wedding cake .
several young people are standing in a circle smiling .
the lady in the yellow jacket and wearing a blue hat seems to be looking at something .
a person who could be either male or female is doing a stunt jump on a bike .
a lady is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man is sitting on a stage playing a violin in an empty stadium .
a woman in blue sweater points while standing with a group of other women .
here are two teen girls talking to each other or maybe text messaging someone .
many people sitting in rows some with cups looking in the same direction .
there are trees outside of a building in the middle of downtown .
many tables displaying different national flags are assembled in a conference hall with people mingling or sitting .
a man in a suit presents a presentation to woman wearing black .
a yellow dog licks a little girl on the nose .
people preparing remote control planes on the side of a road .
a woman with glasses in a pink shirt and flowered skirt is smiling .
police officer on horse passes bicycle rider in front of white wall .
two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall .
a man wrapped in a towel is sitting in the sauna .
a man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes .
a man with red loudspeaker wearing a shirt with german flag colors .
three people are picking up trash in front of a restaurant .
a rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
a boy is riding a toy horse which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner .
three friends chat in the backyard during a hot summer day .
a girl dives into the water while another girl watches her .
a man in a brown leather jacket observes a portrait .
four kids smile as they wear ribbons from their foreheads .
a man wearing a yellow shirt is holding a bottle while walking with a crowd of people .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something with a knife and fork on a kitchen cutting board .
a girl in a kitten costume stands near shelving .
a man sits on the beach outside his tent and makes something to eat .
a mature woman and senior man are dancing on a dance floor with a few other couples the lights are all red and you can see an attempt to block the day light with red curtains in the background .
two nurses are looking at a cart of supplies .
a large group of people are assembled in a large city .
a person in a black jacket is falling in the snow .
a man in a long white coat sits near a newsstand reading a newspaper .
a boy is doing bike tricks while a group of three other boys looks on .
this new york street has a mercedes on it .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the suns reflection .
an asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
a girl waves a flag as she sits with a boy in the backseat of a firetruck on parade .
a woman with red black and blondhair sitting with 5 children opening gifts .
a boy holds a basketball during a game while others watch .
in this picture we have about 11 girls posing for a picture in a pool .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
a darkhaired woman walking while holding her baby .
two people helping a gentleman across the water .
adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing .
a girl in a pink shirt and floral pants is showing her mother that she can do a handstand .
an elderly gentleman seated on a park bench appears to be napping with a young man laying across his lap asleep .
two motorcyclists wearing pink are talking as two other wait for them .
nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach .
two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
a woman dress in all pink and gold staring at something .
a young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball .
a group of children are walking on a trail near a green wooded area .
several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
a vocalist sings into her microphone as she plays the electronic piano .
a little girl playing the guitar some flowers to the left .
dog running on water with a frisbee in its mouth .
a game of blocks between two people has ended because the blocks are falling .
middleaged man drinking mountain dew and eating a form of candy by a computer with geeky words in the background .
the blue team mustangs are on a fast break and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points .
a girl in a pink dress and blue sparkly shoes stands on the grass holding a blue baseball bat .
a skateboarder moving extremely quickly attempting to turn while going down a hill .
barbecue for three on the boardwalk overlooking the water .
two youths are jumping over a roadside railing at night .
lady in blue gets popcorn while two ladies in headdress look at a cellphone .
a woman with no bra on and half naked posing next to a blue car .
a news man is reporting in a local store about an event .
a couple each wearing white tanktops sitting on a rock ledge of looking several mountains .
swim meet showing one swimmer in action with line of others watching .
a man doing window shopping for his shoes at a sports shop located in the city of angles .
a man in a hat sitting at a bus stop on a laptop .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses a bottle and a bird on it .
a woman is holding two toddlers one with an eye patch and trying to feed them .
a woman wearing a mock ancient egyptian headdress .
a woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street .
a man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food .
a man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can .
a girl with a gray tank top standing in front of a carnival ride .
a man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd .
a woman in a brown sweatshirt and jeans is taking a picture of a guy with a beard while another woman texts on her phone nearby .
two women with shopping bags talk to each other next to a red railing .
young men look up to the sky in anger while one prepares to throw a brick .
a man wearing a helmet and lifevest kayaking in the water .
a man riding a bmx bike is attempting a bicycle trick in a skate park .
white man with blondhair standing outside next to a cement mixer .
two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat .
a man wearing a helmet is looking in the bed of his red truck that is parked in a parking near a fence .
a band of two men playing guitars and two women are on stage .
a woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
a gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
a quarterback is looking to set up a pass from the end zone while a teammate provides some blocking .
in this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog .
a man supports his entire body weight with one hand on a wooden floor .
a child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
the wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
a black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep .
a group of muslim men lined up praying in an urban area .
a performer wearing stilts which are covered by her white pants is walking in a parade .
a man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
a bald man standing to the side of a tshirt display .
two young girls jumping up to reach a volleyball during an indoor volleyball game .
a couple and their baby are looking at food through a glass window at a store .
girl standing in the back of trailer smiling as she moves hay .
a backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building .
some caucasian athletes are relaxing on a field .
a badminton player dressed in red and yellow at the london 2012 olympics leaps in the air as she plays the game .
a baseball player in a white uniform is throwing the ball to another player at a base .
a boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch .
a person with a blue shirt and pants sitting on a bench outside .
a brown dog drinks from a body of water .
three women wearing bright yellow caps clap their hands while standing on a crosswalk .
a group of children running in the grass .
2 guys and a woman riding on a subway watching something funny .
a grayhaired man in a striped shirt is lecturing at a podium .
kids are playing in the ocean on sunny day at the beach .
the girl in the white hat is pointing at something and smiling .
a young person wearing a gray shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river .
a man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
two women in skirts are standing next to a structure made of stone .
a woman carrying shopping bags stops at the meat counter of her grocery store .
black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts .
two young lacrosse players battle for possession of the ball .
a woman in a white top and blue skirt looking at makeup .
three women offer bags of food to a man in a blue hoodie who takes it from them into the truck .
three older men stare into the pan of a street vendor who is cooking fish .
a woman holds a sign next to the street that reads honk to indict bush .
a tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it .
a man getting his photo taken while he is giving a radio interview .
punk musician with a guitar pouts at the camera from his position on the stage .
a man looks at the camera as he holds a small soldering iron near a magnifying glass and circuit board .
a man in a skull cap is walking down a narrow city alley with a white stick .
a man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
a number 56 red racing car is speeding left past the frame .
a man stands near a boat and holds a net while another boat is on the water in the background .
two men are sitting on a bench in a room and the man in the green shirt has his legs stretched out .
band on a stage playing instruments and singing while crowd watches .
there are several young ethnic young men all dressed alike doing a dance together around a fire with onlookers .
a man wearing a sailor hat looks intently at the sand on the shore as the water recedes .
a group of people are in a sculpture gallery studying a large block object .
several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named dahlak .
a college male volleyball player wearing orange hits the ball over the net .
two men are sitting on a couch conversing with one another .
a young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing .
a man wearing glasses sits in the backseat of a car and plays a guitar while looking out the window .
a young boy plays on a playground piece shaped like a seahorse .
a man has a serving spoon in his hand and is looking at a large dish of food .
woman climbing a cliff in a rural area .
a woman wearing a striped shirt is looking at a mannequin holding up a necklace in a store window .
three people are standing on stage and two of the people watch the other person play the trumpet .
a group of middleaged people with laptops and notebooks are paying attention to something .
a white baby boy crying over a tipped over toy .
a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other .
a man in a black graphic tshirt wearing a white towel across the bottom portion of his face .
a dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest .
old man with white hair and white tshirt looking at a sculpture .
an elderly woman wearing a hat has several bags with a chair on top of them .
a child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
in a old urban house a old middle eastern man sows together a striped purple and light blue cloth on a wooden table .
a man holding a piece of bread or pretzel in a food case window .
a man in his 40ts smiling as he drinks a drink .
a man in jean shorts is plugging a cord into a wall .
four people in a vegetation field background appears to be in india .
a girl wearing green is trying to hit a colorful pinata and there is a man in the back watching her .
a mechanic is working on the underside of a bus that is lifted .
a woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city .
a man in a blue shirt is pushing another man in a white shirt during football practice .
at a concert two men look on while another takes a photo .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on two chairs in a boat .
a man in a yellow shirt vacuums a floor while looking at the camera .
a younger woman and older man are running on treadmills next to each other .
a man in hiking gear walking across a shallow waterfall .
a young girl on a train reads a book about train rides .
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him .
an asian man in a brown hat hold a yellow folder .
two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert .
football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
a dozen soccer players in black uniforms stand in a line on a grassy field their breaths visible in the cold air .
a man with a beard amp glasses is sleeping on public transportation while wearing a funny cap .
three males are sitting while 2 of them have beers on a table .
a woman in a red dress is standing next to a girl looking at water .
the red flag in the march is next to the person in a green jacket .
a man wearing a striped shirt smiles and points as he holds a bunch of necklaces .
a vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
men looking at a large cylinder shaped generator .
a man pouring something on the ground with two other men in the background .
men in white hard hats and orange vests are working on a wall .
multiple walls and decks filled with different kind of writings .
a man in glasses and a black shirt reaches into a bowl while watching two animated characters dancing on television .
a soccer player in a red uniform goes after the ball fending off a player in white .
a woman in a yellow shirt with bright orange hair dispenses from a beer tap .
a man with a mustache face paint and a matching red hat and shirt is playing the violin .
two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
a man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer .
a man in white holds up a red ball over a cricket wicket .
a little girl wearing an orange and white dress is being taught how to ride her greencolored bicycle by her father .
men working along side a fish and chips restaurant with a dump truck .
a boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand .
a coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress .
a bmx rider performs an aerial trick off of a jump in an urban environment .
brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
four men relax outside of a truck some of them drinking coffee .
a man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
a blond girl with a graphic tshirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn .
there is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air .
soldier sitting on top of jeep holding a machine gun and soldier sitting inside .
a man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting .
a man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a big wave .
a woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train .
a man wearing an orange safety vest writes in a pda while standing next to a train .
young woman in gray shirt and cream sweater eats a hotdog .
the elderly gentleman in public is reading a book on the bench .
two young girls and an old man with gray hair and beard are opening christmas presents .
a child is crying in a low cut field with a drainage pipe nearby .
a group of women wearing kimonos talk together .
a man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
a male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
an older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land .
two men dressed in dark clothing sitting and conversing with each other .
two men are looking at a piece of machinery outdoors .
two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field .
an overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .
a tennis match is in progress with ball chasers on the sidelines with an audience in the background .
a person on a dirty 4 wheeler driving through the dirt .
a man wearing a hard hat is working on a construction site atop a wall .
a person in a red white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
a group of young people in bright clothing stand on the steps of a building .
a man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background .
a team of male construction workers are carrying a beam .
a little boy pours sand from a shovel into a pail .
a blond man in a black shirt and shorts sitting at a table eating with a glass of wine .
several people waiting outside a train station .
the woman stands outdoors next to a child in a swing .
this young lady is wearing a short dress standing on the sidewalk .
a man in blue jeans and a white shirt sitting on a orange and yellow bench .
a man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat .
someone walks past an open grocery store at night .
three physically fit young bikini clad women playing volleyball in which one is attempting to score and one is attempting to block .
two men are walking down a city street at night while wearing some sort of uniforms .
a woman in a pink shirt approaches a mobile coffee vendor .
a basketball player wearing white dribbles the ball while being guarded by another player in a black uniform .
two children are standing next to each other in front of a wall that has photographs on it .
a man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall .
a man chiseling wood holding a pencil behind his right ear .
a group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
man makes vulgar gesture to the camera while the others around him eat .
a man at a track event grimaces in the middle of a polevaulting attempt .
someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
a small girl is brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush .
a line of people are sitting on their motorcycles .
a truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
two bald men laying on a field tussle over a ball with other men during a sporting event .
an older couple sits sunbathing on a bench while in the background a wedding photographer leads a bride and groom to the beach for pictures .
the man is sitting down while enjoying his beer .
a man is sleeping outside on cardboard next to a water bottle .
two female riders on a scooter covered in what appears to be muslim garb .
a child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt .
volunteer setting up the bread table at the food pantry .
one young man with a white tshirt is punching a bag in a gym while another man watches him .
there is a child on a sled type machine in the snow .
a person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake .
a girl and a lady both looking through a microscope .
a young boy wearing oversized blue tank top and shorts and a red and blue cap is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod .
a motorbike racing sitting on a white pink blue and green motorbike .
a teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
a yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
a man in a wetsuit gliding through the ocean with one sail .
a solider wearing a hat is getting his picture taken .
these two poodles one black and one brown are playing .
two women one holding a plaque one wearing a name badge in a diner .
a young adult male wearing a black shirt and black pants balances on one leg atop modern architecture .
a crowd cheering and passing streamers in a stadium while a blue flag waves .
a small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence .
a man and a boy touching one anothers hands with two other people in the background .
a man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline .
a bmx biker in a white and blue helmet rides in front of some blue and black boxes .
a construction worker by the side of the road stands next to a pile of tree branches .
a man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
a woman in red shirt is making shaved ice with many different syrup bottles .
two men sitting at a shared desk on their computers .
sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory .
a woman wearing colorful clothing with red ribbon braided in her hair is leaning on a wall .
a little boy and his father are both wearing blue checkered shirts and watching a rodeo .
a family sits on a bench overlooking the beach .
two people playing guitars for a group of people sitting back enjoying it .
an instructor is teaching his students how to escape a hold in a selfdefense class .
a little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water .
a man dressed as a woman and other people stand around tables with checkered tablecloths and a ladder .
one young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
a man in a hard hat is carting a rickshaw of bricks .
children sit at a long blue table and draw pictures with crayons .
three oriental women sitting on a sidewalk waiting for transportation .
a brown dog carrying a frisbee runs through the snow .
a man in blue jeans and a blue shirt sits in a blue seat .
an artist in an gray tshirt is carving on his white serpentine shaped sculpture .
a man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
in a city in front of a subway a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him .
two out of 6 swimmers are battling for the win .
young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
a young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
the girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg .
a boy in a white shirt licks a spoon at a table with cinnamon buns and a macbook .
a little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
this is a man who has a rope in is mouth and a baby cow up in the air .
a club or restaurant with a 3 man band playing while a few people looks on .
two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street .
a motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot .
two men stand near a brick wall while one is holding a few cups .
a group of people are partying inside a building .
a man in a black jacket dark sunglasses and gray pants walking along the sidewalk .
several young african americans giving an outdoor dance performance .
a man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
a young man sitting and eating next to a little girl sitting and reading .
a man in a green shirt wearing glasses cooking meat on a grill outside .
the volleyball player looks exhausted after a game of volleyball .
construction workers in safety vests work on the light rail tracks .
a young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object .
a man in a black leather jacket sitting looking at the city beyond .
a young shirtless boy in blue jeans and sandals sits on a skateboard .
young man in a checkered jacket holding a white box and walking along a street .
two girls one wearing glasses dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
two small girls talk to a man wearing sunglasses in a colorful van .
a group of coeds play football while drinking .
a girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
a local police officer in uniform is ordering a pastry and coffee for his morning breakfast .
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
a young girl sits in a highchair and eats red food while making a mess .
the young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white acura vehicle .
a man and woman dressed casual and formal wear while dancing in public .
a man in glasses with black frames is eating a burger .
a man and a woman gets ready to sunbathe at the beach .
two individuals are fencing sword fighting and the score is 20 .
a woman wearing a gray coat with brownish hair is pulling a basketlike cart .
a man in shorts with no shirt is standing in front of a group of people on the beach .
a group of people walking in the same direction include two women one of whom is wearing sunglasses and shorts .
a lone skater chases his shadow as he glides over a cement skating ridge cars and houses in the background .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
a man in a black hat touches a cardboard box .
two men in white shirts and black ties holding cocktails as they look to the left .
a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a red vest is standing in front of a red helicopter .
a man is cleaning out a fountain while other people are walking around .
a woman it talking on the phone behind a rack with the big blue plastic bottles .
female wear a red gerrard jersey sits outside the beatles story exhibition in liverpool .
a woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant .
most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution .
a man with a banjo is speaking into a microphone .
a woman taking part in world marathon in beijing china during the world marathon day .
an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique with a sales assistant to her right .
six buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes .
a man riding a bicycle and other people walking on a street in a foreign city .
person with shovel walks through snowstorm in front of cafe .
a black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
a boy wearing a red shirt is bent over with a growling look on his face .
a colored man and a young blond both dressed in jeans and maroon tshirts carry a banner which reads maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody .
a man is riding a board and jumping in the air while being towed by a motor boat .
a boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow out of frame .
a dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
a man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
a younger looking man stands behind the counter of an israeli shop that sells cigarettes and cashews .
a colorful clown stands in the street holding a trumpet as people walk by .
a boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall .
a surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
the brown dog is leaping to catch a frisbee .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
a woman dressed in blue holding the reins of a brown horse by a racetrack .
a child in a blue jacket sits on a sidewalk .
an ice hockey goalie guards the net while a few others play in front of him .
a woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
two men stand in a basement workshop looking at each other .
a man in a white shirt climbs a red ladder leaned against a break wall bearing signage about reescom .
two bicyclists taking a break from a ride at a restaurant .
a gray bird flies over the water by some rocks .
a man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat .
a girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street .
an accordion player wearing a heavy jacket scarf and beanie standing by a yellow telephone pole .
a woman in an orange and yellow dress is holding an umbrella and walking .
a woman is dressed in bright blue and red clothes as she sits in the green grass .
group of people standing on sidewalk in an asian marketplace .
a group of men wearing red jackets black pants and blue hats appear to be walking in an outdoor parade and playing drums .
a man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
a young boy wearing red floaties about to jump into a pool .
a woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near chrismas lights .
two men one in shorts and a buttonup shirt and the other in a blue collared shirt talking .
a man in a plaid shirt is throwing a hatchet at a wall in his garage .
a darkhaired man is covering his face with a book in bed .
an individual in a red suit doing a ski jump .
an aerial view of a city sidewalk with lots of people .
some people standing on a balcony watching a man slide down a slanted rail .
a group of african girls look toward the person taking their picture .
a shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail .
three photographers use tripods to snap photos in a tiled hallway .
a man wearing a white shirt playing badminton on a grass field .
a man in a blue shirt walks between rocks in shallow water near a scenic tropical beach .
a figure skater in a pale blue costume strikes a pose on the ice .
a woman in blue rain boots is eating a sandwich outside .
a man is reading a newspaper at a chinese food store .
people are traveling via donkey with their belongings on back .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water .
a little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the childs gaze .
a young woman dressed in white with he hair tied up paints a room red .
a darkskinned boy is walking a white dog on a pink leash down a sidewalk .
urban tree worker pruning a tree while suspended by a harness .
a young girl dressed in red is playing with toy story action figures .
man looking through telescope at night with other people in the background .
two scantily clad women are kissing in a crowd of people .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling .
a child with a pacifier in its mouth is sitting in a suitcase .
two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill .
a side view picture of 3 band members on stage performing with lead singer in the foreground .
several people dressed in indian clothing are talking to each other .
a woman wearing high heels falls backwards as onlookers laugh .
a group of people gather to watch a game of dominoes in a park .
men and women wearing are wearing red on the street .
an old lady carrying a bag walking through a market area .
at a skate park one man skateboards one rides a scooter and 2 men record the skateboarder from below and above him .
on the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
a soldier is dressed in camouflage with a black firearm in the street .
a boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .
a young man with a red beanie cap green shirt and blue jeans sits on his skateboard as he watches .
a blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
two people holding their bikes beside of bagpipecouk nifty nosh building .
distant person riding offroad vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads .
a man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk .
a brown dog jumps over a barrier that is black and white .
a child wearing a red tshirt is holding and caring for three newborn birds .
a man in a denim jacket and jeans walking through a cemetery .
kids play in the rushing water around them .
a protest march is passing by a white stone building .
a woman has two children to take care of while she is out one is sitting on her shoulders and the other is sitting on her lap .
two girls riding a train one in a skirt is reading a book the other in a blue shirt and glasses is looking out the window .
woman in orange jumpsuit walks past old woman selling flowers .
two women wearing red and black are being watched while in a red cage .
man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle .
a store with filled with a lot of bags as someone buys .
a man an little girl hiking and looking at the different plant growth along the way .
a mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd .
an older man is sitting on a riverbank under an umbrella while painting .
two brunette women riding a red moped on a street with crowd in background .
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .
a man and the woman are fencing in a competition .
happily a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing .
a person in a blue jacket walks his golden dog in front of an abandoned building .
a blackhaired woman is using her makeup brush on another woman while holding her pinky up .
a movie poster of a man in blue holding a woman in red outside a theater .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a blue atm machine .
a small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle .
lady wearing spectacles points camera with some trepidation .
people strolling in a mall with colorful decorations hanging from the ceiling .
a man in a gray robe is walking in the shade .
a boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt is throwing away a bag of garbage into a green dumpster .
there is an older whitehaired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
a brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
a man is sitting on a bucket looking at flowers .
a baby boy picks at his hair while holding a red and yellow ball .
a man wearing baggy clothes standing on a sidewalk at the beach .
a child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow .
a motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience .
deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces .
a family is enjoying drinks on the deck with their little boy .
a man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party .
a little girl with a bright pink jacket made of yarn peers into a large telescope in her backyard .
a group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands .
a group of 3 individuals one man and two women are attending an event .
an elderly man is wearing overalls and holding a paintbrush .
a person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it .
police in flack suits stand in a crowd of people mostly dressed in red .
people line up and dance outside on a checkered floor .
a group of young men are playing basketball outdoors .
a young man is playing foosball with a couple other people .
the shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach .
a mannequin at a lingerie show with a woman getting fitted in the background .
a crowd stands on a over water bridge with city buildings in the background .
an african child with a wooden stool on his head and another african child behind him .
a group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball .
two people are picking up garbage in a desert .
a man and woman sitting near brick and vine covered buildings .
a little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain .
a group of people are running in a race .
women in dresses and men in suits dance at a party .
a black female bike rider is crossing a bridge using the bike lane .
a baby falls asleep on a blanket outside with his stuffed animal .
two people wearing white shirts and sunglasses are standing across the street of a tall building with flags on top .
a group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path .
a woman wearing traditional japanese attire walking .
in the background there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water while wearing a life jacket and smiling .
two men wearing white one with a red belt one with a blue belt fight on a blue and red mat with another man refereeing .
a woman on a cellphone and a woman in a skirt walking together .
four clowns are performing outside while another clown plays the accordion .
a woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis .
two asian men in black jackets are smiling and exchanging papers .
a woman wearing a green shirt using a large black telescope during the day .
a young child is riding on a bicycle with training wheels .
two women are eating at a table with a white tablecloth .
a dog is running through high grass with a woman wearing red in the background .
a beautiful lake in the mountains with people sitting under umbrellas on its shore while other people swim boat and raft in the water .
people are riding and rowing a boat near the coastline .
a dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree .
an elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat .
several young men in tshirts sort through cds on a table .
people watching a person with many inflatable things for sale .
a man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera .
a large grassy field with a childrens jumping castle .
a long woman wearing a white helment crossing a chain linked bridge .
a woman wearing a pink shirt is sitting down with her hand against her face next to a pile of rocks and is around kids and other adults .
a person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door .
a man with brown hair is sitting on the rocks and looking out towards the ocean .
a dirtbike racer taking a hard turn on a dirt course with one onlooker in the background .
guy drinking beverage outside of brightly lit basement .
a large amount of people using sleeping bags to sleep in front of a building .
a couple of people sitting in front of a store window talking .
a man poses with his black dog at the top of a mountain .
