four people are sitting in an enclosure that looks like a halfopen eggshell .
three boys and a girl sit inside of a dinosaur egg .
children playing in an over sized golf ball .
four children in a fake egg having fun .
four young people including a very young child are smiling as they are squeezed inside a partially open big ball .
an older man is adjusting equipment for skeet shooting .
a man in a black hat is working on a toy airplane .
a man working on a small model airplane .
a man is repairing a miniature plane .
a man at a field adjusts his model of a classic white plane .
a dog jumps up to take something from a womans hand .
the woman places a ball into the jumping dogs mouth .
a woman holds a ball while a dog leaps for it .
a woman holding a ball and a dog .
a dog jumping up for a ball held by a woman in black skirt beige vest and blue shirt .
an indian woman is sitting on the ground amongst drawings rocks and shrubbery .
a woman sits as she shows the designs she has made in the floor .
an older indian woman is sitting near some drawings .
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .
ethnic woman in traditional clothing sitting on the ground by artwork designs in chalk .
two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones .
two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench .
two dads take a break at the birthday party .
two men with strange hats sit on a bench .
two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head .
two men are sitting on a patio one has no shoes on and is drinking a bottle with a yellow cozy over it .
two men are sitting on folding chairs on a patio and talking .
two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio .
two men sitting outside are deep in conversation .
a man wearing blue jeans and a black shirt is talking to a man wearing white shorts while they are sitting outside in folding chairs on a patio .
a young boy in a red cap catching up with his friends .
a child runs on a dirt path along the street .
a small boy in an orange hat running .
a little boy plays at the zoo .
little boy in walking shorts and sweater on the sidewalk with his hat turned around backward .
a parade of men hold red and yellow flags as they wave them proudly .
a group of people is parading with red and yellow flags .
a group of men in white uniforms are waving flags .
some expats celebrate and wave red flags .
a group of men wearing white garments with red waist sashes stand among a crowd outdoors on a dirt surface waving yellow and red flags .
a man with a yellow shirt standing behind a black podium .
president bush delivers a speech to a large audience .
president george w bush is giving a speech .
george bush standing at a podium .
this is george w bush standing in front of a podium looking out intently into the crowd while his wife barbara sits nearby smiling .
people are sitting around dimly lit tables while smiling and laughing .
middleaged people sit around a table with a blue tablecloth .
old people sit and laugh at a restaurant .
people are dining and laughing .
a bunch of people sitting at tables in a dark room with a very large chandelier .
two little girls both dressed in brown and one with a peace sign on her shirt play in a green meadow .
two small girls are walking in a field and one of them has a stone in her hands .
two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects .
the blond girl is holding something from a plant .
on a sunny day in a lush green field one small girl inspects a rock while her friend goes off in another direction .
a man in an apron is testing food while cooking over a stove .
a man cooking something n tasting it .
the young cook tastes his food .
a man making sauce on a stove .
a younger gentleman with curly hair and glasses is sampling some good he is cooking on his stove .
the woman is sitting in the boat being rowed by the man .
a man rowing a boat while the woman watches .
two people wear life jackets in a rowboat .
two people in life jackets in a rowboat .
a man and a woman are sitting in a rowboat on calm water .
a man walking alone in a large green sports field .
an older man walking on a grass sports field .
a man wearing blue is walking off of a field .
a man is walking off of a field .
a sports coach wearing sweats walks across the game field .
groups of people are walking around times square in new york .
numerous amounts of buildings surrounding tourists .
people going about their day in big city .
a crowd of people in times square ny .
a crowd in a large city seeing the sites of the downtown lights .
three men in horned helmets are standing beside each other .
three vikings walking on the boardwalk .
three vikings walking on the pier .
two people wearing viking helmets .
three people with their backs turned toward the camera that are dressed in what appears to be viking and hawaiian costumes with a crowd and towers in the background .
a man is blocking a soccer ball from being kicked into a goal by several kids and a man .
two older men playing soccer with four children that are trying to score a goal .
two men and four boys play outdoors in close range of a soccer goal net .
four boys and two men play soccer together .
a group of boys in are being coached in soccer the boy in the blue tshirt prepares to kick a ball into the goal .
a studious man wearing a red and black plaid shirt looks over his test .
white man sits at a desk drinking coffee and writing things down .
man in glasses wearing flannel is in class writing .
a young man works diligently on something important .
a young man wearing glasses and a red plaid shirt sits at a table with a cup of coffee writing on a stack of papers .
a man in checkered pants black jacket and a checkered hat is holding a waiters tray .
a busboy cleaning the table at an outdoor restaurant .
a waiter clears a table at an outdoor cafe .
an empty chair at an upscale restaurant .
a waiter in a black shirt and red amp white checkered pants clears items from a table onto his tray .
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .
a dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle .
person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle .
a bmx biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike .
a person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike .
a person has his or her hands in a dogs mouth .
a dog is chewing on someones finger .
a person touches a dogs tooth .
a dog bites someones finger .
a brown dog looks up while a persons fingers are in its mouth .
a train conductor looks out the window of his train while smiling .
a conductor looks outside the window of a motionless train .
rail conductor in an olive train smiles for a photo .
a man who is in a train thinks he is a conductor .
male conductor of a train or trolley looking out the window of the train or trolley .
a snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
a snowboarder in midair after jumping a ramp .
a snowboarder launches off a ramp .
snowboarder sails in the air .
a snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
a child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red .
a girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella .
a young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol .
a woman stands under a paper umbrella .
a young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals .
three older people are sitting around a barbecue grill .
a group of elderly men are lighting a cooking grill .
elder men are getting ready to barbecue .
senior citizens are barbecuing .
a man with a blue shirt and white shorts prepares a charcoal barbecue while two other men look on .
woman performing in beautiful white dress holding microphone and surrounded by musicians at a jazz festival .
a female singer and dancer is on stage at a jazz festival wearing a white dress with floral prints .
a woman dressed in a cultural dress is about to perform on stage with her band .
this is a mariachi singer preparing to sing .
an african american woman wearing a strawcolored hat and white fluffy dress is holding a microphone while a band plays behind her .
a small boy wearing a yellow sweatshirt is climbing up a fruit tree .
a small blond child with a yellow sweatshirt is sitting in a tree .
young boy in an orange shirt climbing an apple tree .
a child in a yellow shirt is climbing a tree .
young male white boy who is dressed in blue jeans and yellow longsleeved shirt is climbing a tree .
a black antique race car with the number 63 is driving on a racetrack .
a small green car with the number 63 on the door races on a track .
a green sports car with the number 63 is driving on a track .
a classic bottlegreen jaguar races around the track .
a twoseated green sports car with the number 63 on its passenger side door on a driving track .
a man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
a snowboarder glides through the air .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
a snowboarder suspended in the air .
a snowboarder launches into the air over white snow .
three construction workers working on the street .
three men pouring cement from a cement truck .
three workers pouring fresh concrete .
a construction crew filling a whole .
three men in construction outfits stand next to a cement tray as it pours into the street .
a dog approachs a small creature in a barren snowy field .
black dog running through a grassy area .
two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
black dog in a snowy field .
two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
the boy in the multicolor striped shirt is looking at the red box .
a man in a rainbow shirt stops to take a look at a mailbox .
a child in a striped shirt is standing in front of a post .
a child is looking at a red parking meter on the street .
a young boy with dark brown hair wearing an orange blue yellow red striped shirt and blue jeans stairs up at a red parking meter booth .
a man and boy wearing blue wetsuits play in the ocean near a large rock .
white father and sun in blue wetsuits with boogie board in the water .
a man is holding a childs hand in the ocean next to a large rock .
dad and his son trying to surf the water .
a father and son explore a rocky shore as father teaches son basic snorkel techniques .
a man sitting on construction equipment behind a chain link fence .
a man in a yellow shirt dozes while riding a crane .
two men hanging around a construction site .
person in yellow tshirt is sleeping .
two construction workers operate a large piece of construction equipment .
a young girl plays with building blocks in a day care .
a little girl is playing with tinker toys .
the girl is playing with wooden toys .
a girl playing with toys .
a blondheaded female child playing with toys on a purple surface .
a group of people consisting of 6 people are waiting somewhere while 4 of them are talking to each other .
a group of people standing around .
6 people waiting outside a museum .
young people talking in an alley .
four young people stand in a circle conversing while a man in white buttondown shirt coral colored pants and green hand bandage stands to the side .
a man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar .
a man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog .
a man holds his brown dog back from jumping in the water .
a man standing behind a black dog with a red collar .
the man wearing a tan hat and white shirt holds his brown dog which is wearing an orange collar .
a young girl going down a tube slide .
a girl inside a long tubular slide .
a girl goes down a red slide .
young girl in tunnel slide .
a little girl with long hair and something in her mouth wearing lightcolored clothing is sliding down a tunnel .
the man in the middle raises his arms as he and the two women face the platform .
a man in a longsleeve tshirt is standing in front of the river with two women .
three people are standing outside in front of a low stone wall .
a man in a blue shirt standing with his arms extended out .
three people a man and two women gesture as they look at something in front of a stone wall .
five individuals three females and two males are performing a dance in period costume wear outside .
two men and two women in period costumes performing a dance on state outdoors .
two women and two men in historical attire jumping .
4 people are dressed in costumes dancing on stage .
two men and two women dressed in old english attire hold hands and form a circle on a stage as a young girl runs by .
a group of people on a street covered with trash and smoke .
protesters run as gas grenades are thrown into the street .
protest in the streets of dominican republic .
people are rioting on the street .
many people in an urban setting waving flags and setting off smoke bombs .
a white kid with blue shorts about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
a young man in tshirt and shorts about to serve a tennis ball .
a boy reaching high to hit a tennis ball .
a boy is holding a tennis racket high .
a boy in blue shorts and a tshirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
children are playing on a playground set with one another .
kids on a set of red monkey bars .
children playing in a playground .
girls and boys playing around .
a group of children climb on a play structure while caretakers watch on .
a group of children are playing soccer barefoot on a sandy field .
a bunch of africans are playing soccer on a sandy beach .
a group of young males play soccer .
people playing soccer in the sand .
african children playing a game of soccer one boy is wearing white shirt and red shorts with a yellow strip is chasing the soccer ball .
woman with purple hair and blue earrings smiles on a sunny day .
a woman with purple hair and black shirt is outside .
a woman with violet hair rides her bicycle outside .
a woman with purple hair is beside a man .
a woman with violet dyed hair and blue earrings is riding a bicycle .
two young men watching the fast moving cars on the street in front of them .
a man in a black jacket looking at a car driving past .
two males standing on the sidewalk next to the street .
people are standing next to a busy street .
two guys are out on a cold walk during christmas season perhaps for caroling .
black male vendor staying cool under his white umbrella waiting for customers .
a street merchant selling goods from underneath an umbrella .
a man standing at a table selling things .
a man is selling items on a street .
a man is standing under an umbrella along side a street selling items with a yellow taxi in the background .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a pink bicycle .
a lady with a pink bike is smiling for the camera .
a smiling woman next to her bright pink bicycle .
a woman standing with a bicycle .
a woman wearing a long black sweater is standing near a pink bike on the sidewalk .
a young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
a young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
a child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
a young girl holding a boogie board at the beach .
a girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board .
a black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field .
two dogs run across the grassy field .
two dogs running fast in the grass .
two dogs race through a field .
the black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside .
three young girls jump rope out by a rock wall .
three young girls are jumping rope outside .
three girls playing jump rope outside .
three girls playing jump rope .
two girls swing a skipping rope which a third girl jumps .
a young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk .
a person with a white coat is walking outside a stone building .
a solitary pedestrian walks through the downtown area .
a woman walking down the street on the sidewalk .
a person in a long tan trench coat walks along the sidewalk in front of a stone building .
two asian people cooking on a grill in a park .
an asian couple grilling sausages and meat .
two people are outside grilling some meat .
a young man and woman grill meat outdoors .
a man in a red shirt grills some meat along side a woman in a red shirt and tan coat holding a drinking bottle .
a man is rowing in a small boat called neptuno .
the fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
a man rows his boat below .
man rowing a boat .
a man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
four girls sitting around a black plastic bag full of fabric .
a group of children sit together and work on arts and crafts .
a group of children gather around a black garbage bag .
children doing arts and crafts .
a group of children sit on the floor and work on a project contained in a black garbage bag .
a man and a woman are dancing or acting outdoors with a small crowd watching .
a woman in a white and orange dress dances with a man .
a man and a woman are dancing in front of a audience .
latino couple dancing at a gathering .
a woman is dancing in a white dress with orange trim while a man stands to the side of her with his hat clutched to his chest with a crowd looking on behind them .
a man in a hat and tie performs with his violin on a street corner .
man in a hat is enthusiastically playing the fiddle on a sidewalk .
a man in a hat is playing a stringed instrument on a sidewalk .
a male performer playing the fiddle on the street .
a man with a hat boots and brown pants is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure .
a knight on horseback and another man reenact a medieval scene for a group of spectators .
a man wearing black and gold is preparing for competition at medieval times event .
two men in medieval dress one on a horse appear to be talking to each other .
a man in black and yellow on a horse is talking to a person wearing red .
a man on a horse holding a banner with a castle on it is talking to another man in a red cloak and turban .
a skinny guy is eating a sandwich while using the computer .
young male eating a snack while working on a computer .
a guy surfing the web eating pizza .
man eating while on a computer .
a young thin man holds a partially eaten sandwich with his left hand while typing on a computer with his right hand .
a soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team .
number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey .
the soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white .
three boys playing soccer .
guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black .
a woman in a black bikini holds a baby at the beach while another little girl watches a dog .
a mother her two children and their dog stand on a tropical beach .
a woman is standing on the beach holding a small child .
a woman her children and a dog are on a beach .
a mother her children and their pet dog are on a beach and look like they are vacationing .
a girl in pink slides down the slide at a playground .
a little girl in a pink having fun on the slides .
a little girl laughing while going down a slide .
a child is going down a slide .
a little girl in a striped pink shirt going down the slide .
a girl with a orange bob holding her hands out in front of some folding tshirts .
a woman with orange hair sitting behind a table with tyedyed tshirts on them .
a girl with orange hair holding a drink and sitting at a table with clothes .
a woman with orange hair sits behind a table covered with folded tshirts .
a woman with orange hair is at a table with tyedyed shirts with a can in front of her .
the little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear .
a little girl holding on to a toy is running down a lane .
a girls walks down the road holding a teddy bear .
a little girl in a denim dress runs down a path .
a young girl wearing a blue dress runs down a gravel road with a teddy bear .
a person sitting down hold 2 items and a camera around their neck holding an instrument .
a man wearing white coat sitting in front of graffiti wall and hold musical instrument .
an old man is sitting with various pieces of impedimenta .
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .
a guy sitting on the side of a building holding some kind of object with a couple things hanging around his neck .
two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset .
two people stand close together looking at a river from behind a fence .
the couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water .
a couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
a couple is standing against a railing looking at a beautiful lake and sunset .
two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats .
two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish .
two men standing on a pier over a captured fish .
two men prepare a fish at a dock .
a grayhaired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish .
many people wearing numbered pieces of paper run down a street .
a group of runners run through the park in the winter .
numerous people participating in a foot race or walk .
a woman wearing number 145 is running a race .
a large group of runners are participating in a race the woman in black looks cold .
old man taking a stroll along the beautiful rolling green hills .
an elder man with a cane takes a walk in a valley by himself .
a man walking through a large grasscovered valley .
a old man is walking down a hill with his cane .
an old man with a cane walks through a green pasture on a sunny day against a blue sky .
six young people are jumping up with their hands in the air .
six young people are jumping for joy in front of a building .
six young people are laughing and leaping into the air .
a group of teens jumping joyfully .
four teen girls and two teen boys are all jumping in the air in front of the glass doors to a building .
a group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate .
there are cheerleaders tossing a member in the air .
a team throws a teammate in the air .
cheerleaders tossing a man in the air .
after being thrown in the air a young man dressed in a blue tshirt and black shorts is getting ready to be caught by other young men in the same type of tshirt and black shorts in a gym with softball championship banners hanging high in the background .
a male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean .
a little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean .
a child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean .
the little boy in black shorts is on the shoreline .
this is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water .
a man wearing a white uniform cuts a tree in front of a white house .
a man in a white shirt and jeans using a chainsaw to cut down a tree .
a man in silly safety glasses using a chainsaw to cut down a tree .
a man in white takes a chainsaw and cuts down a tree .
a man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building .
two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk .
two people sit on a brick wall and talk .
two people sit on a park bench .
two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
a group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake .
some people are fishing on a lake on their boat .
four people standing on a boat on the lake .
people riding a boat on a clear day .
an apparently homemade pontoon boat with five people is seen approaching the bank of a river or lake shore on a cloudless calm day .
a woman works a project with thread in hand .
a woman sitting at a counter is looking up .
a woman sitting at a table in a bar .
one lady looking into space .
a young womans attention is fixed on a television screen in a sports bar .
four individuals are all gathered around a coffee table with a pink flower on it and sitting on sofa chairs .
there are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork .
an man in a white shirt is pointing to a womans notepad during a discussion .
four men and a woman having a discussion around a table .
an asian man is going over some paperwork that is sitting on a table with a pink carnation to two other men and a woman all of which are wearing glasses .
a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background .
a boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
a boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
a boy stands near a structure outside .
a boy in a blue shirt is posing in front of an igloo type building with a person dangling from a rope above the building .
a dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
dog jumping up with something in its mouth .
a blurry dog inside on a carpet .
the furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door .
a little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
small girl in pink clothing holding a camera in her hands .
a little girl in pink pajamas tries to operate a camera .
a little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera .
the girl in the pink sweater is playing with a camera whilst being watched by the woman on the couch .
a young man surfs a big wave while others idle in the background .
a man surfing on a wave with a few people behind him swimming .
a young surfer waves to the camera while on the water .
a guy surfing a wave successfully .
three black males on surfboards in clear blue water and while one is on a wave the other two are paddling .
two men in blue uniforms and rollerblades are speaking to a man in an alley .
two uniformed men on rollerblades talk to a hooded man in an alley .
two police officers on skates are standing near another man .
police on rollerblades talk with a homeless man .
two police officers on rollerblades standing near a man in baggy clothing outside .
a driver wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap looks out the window of a white propane truck .
a man wearing sunglasses and a cap driving a coast gas truck past a rigging unit .
a man wearing a hat is behind the wheel of a white propane truck .
a cement truck driver is smiling out the window of his truck .
a man wearing a white hate and sunglasses is sitting in a white truck that says coast gas .
school children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom .
young students in a rural school long to be released from the classroom .
young african children are attending class in a one room schoolhouse .
asian little kids in a school waiting for a teacher .
children sitting at a table in a shack that appears to be some kind of classroom bored and staring off into the distance .
a worker in an orange vest and hard hat is on top of a yellow ladder working on a phone line while other men work below .
a man in a fluorescent orange vest and hard hat stands at the top of a yellow ladder fixing a telephone wire .
a man is standing at the top of a very tall ladder in front of a pink building .
workers prepare as one employee addresses the electrical problem first .
a man in a orange shirt is on a ladder working on a power line as several men below him are loading their truck with equipment while a dog is watching .
two schoolgirls peeking around a tree and laughing .
two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles .
two girls lean around a tree laughing .
two girls next to a mossy tree .
the two young women are laughing outdoors by a tree trunk .
a man with a dark green apron standing with his hands on his waist with a grill in the background .
a street vendor selling skewers is standing with his hands on his hips .
a cook in a green apron pauses for a moment beside an outdoor grill .
a brownhaired man standing in a green apron with hands on his hips .
a man in a long green apron was cooking outside and looking down the street with his hands on his hips .
a woman in redhair applies a bronze face paint design to another womans left eye .
young lady paints another young ladies face outdoors .
a woman getting her face painted by an artist .
a woman putting makeup on another woman .
a woman with light brown hair applying makeup around the left eye of the blackhaired woman .
four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes .
four children looking through rolled up booklets .
four children look through rolledup magazines .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes .
a race dog leaps a large stride as others follow behind .
dogs wearing numbered jerseys running at a track .
the number four dog ahead of other dogs .
the dogs run a race at the track .
the racing dog with the 4 jersey surges ahead of the dog with the 5 jersey .
young adults posing for a photo at night somewhat chilly outside .
three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group .
a group of friends seated on concrete waiting for something .
four people are sitting down on a sidewalk .
a multicultural group of friends sitting down in an outdoor floor and hanging out to together during a cold busy night .
a woman in a red dress prepares for another day at work .
a blond woman in a red suit cleaning a metal object .
girl in red dress cleaning the airplane wing .
a woman is washing her vehicle .
a blond woman wearing all red polishes an aluminumcolored aircraft .
an officer writing up a parking a ticket to a car .
an officer stands next to cars parked on a street .
a male cop is writing a ticket next to a car .
the policeman is having note in his hand .
an officer writing up a ticket in a heavily crowded downtown area .
people standing inside and beside red booths with white circles on them .
three men in white target shirts work on target booths .
people inside and outside of booths at an event .
two target photo booths with people inside .
a group of event staff move in and around two stalls covered in target logos in front of a building with arched windows .
two little girls in dresses one older one younger on a shoreline with some larger rocks just sticking out of the water .
two girls in white dresses holding hands and leaning on each another while standing on the shoreline of a calm sea .
two blond girls in white dresses one much smaller than the other stand on the bank of a large body of water .
a woman and a small child stand intimately at a calm lake shore .
a little girl and an older girl in white dresses stand together at the edge of a body of water with their backs to the camera .
six people in midevil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers .
a group of people are gathered in a crowd some of which are holding spears .
people on stilts walking down a path with onlookers sitting and watching .
8 people sitting on wood benches are viewing 8 people in brown .
a medium group of people are dressed in a brownish orange costume while some wear stilts and carry large sticks they appear to be walking somewhere .
a little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth .
a little dog carries a small stick in his mouth .
a small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
a small dog fetching a small stick .
a small dog is walking on green grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
a man reads a tonka truck book in the doctors office while wearing a face mask .
a man in a paper breathing mask is reading a book .
a man with a blue mask reading a book .
a man reading a toy manual outside .
a man reads in a red shirt and sunglasses reads from a tonka childrens book while wearing a face mask .
a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
an elderly woman is working at a concession stand .
a food service worker sitting on the counter .
a counter person looks on at a food court .
a woman in a red shirt and glasses leans out an order window next to a tall chef statue and a famous sign .
here is a woman sitting on a mat with some sort of contraption that resembles a silk spinner .
a woman operates a spinning wheel with her hands and feet .
a woman enjoying the breeze of a primitive fan .
a barefooted woman spinning yarn on the floor .
a woman wearing orange and green pants and a black and white shirt is sitting on the floor with her feet against a wooden contraption .
a clown stands in front of a blurredout crowd .
a man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown .
a male clown standing alone facing right .
a man dressed as a clown looks on .
a man dressed as a clown with a colorful wig on his head .
some people watch football on a tv screen in a shop .
people in a restaurant watch the weather .
people watching tv while eating .
people are watching television .
people sitting and watching a tv monitor mounted high on the wall .
three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
three people working and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
guys are shoveling and working on the ground .
men digging to put a post in the ground .
three construction workers work along side the street with one man in a blue jacket and orange safety vest shoveling and two others holding a pole .
a huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog .
two dogs chase one another on a gravel road .
dogs playing on the dirt path .
two wet dogs .
a very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curlyhaired dog .
two servers in a restaurant or cafeteria .
asian girls serving food on trays .
girls are preparing food to eat .
2 girls working at a restaurant .
two asian women working in a restaurant prepare meals .
there are two guys in blue uniforms standing outside at a soccer goal .
two men in blue soccer uniforms look like they are at rest .
two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer .
two guys play soccer and look exhausted .
two soccer players in blue facing away from each other as one walks away and the other crouches facing the goal .
four people walking along the side of a brick building .
people walk along a sidewalk by a brick building .
a line of people walking down the street .
people are walking along a sidewalk .
four people walking single file next to a large brick building .
four guys are sitting in shopping carts on a city rooftop .
boys with bottles pose in shopping carts in urban area .
teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop .
four young males pose on shopping carts .
several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot .
a woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
these helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
people rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
people mountain climbing .
a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall .
lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
the person in black smoked while the woman in brown sat on the steps .
a man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps .
two women smoking on the steps of a white building .
the woman in the black coat is smoking and the woman in the gray coat sits on stone steps .
a man is sitting at a table smiling amp talking to a woman sitting next to him who is paging through a book .
two men talking with each other while sitting at a table and one is holding a partiallyopened book .
a man in a gray suit and a woman in black jacket sitting at a wooden table talking .
a man sits at a table chatting with a woman who is looking at a book .
a man smiles at a person sitting next to him at a table who has a fauxhawk haircut and is flipping through a book and wearing a black leather jacket .
a girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees .
a little girl squats on a tree stump in the woods .
a young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods .
the girl is sitting in the woods .
the girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump .
a black dog jumping in water in the woods .
a black dog is jumping out of water .
animal jumping up from the pond .
a dog playing in water .
a black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline .
a bearded man dressed in jeans and a jacket is preparing to play a flute instrument on the sidewalk .
a man in a gray sweater and blue jeans playing a flute along a street .
an old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .
an old man playing a musical instrument at a city sidewalk .
an older bearded man play a small metal whistle while holding an oboe in his arm on a city street in font of a store window .
people gathered on a deck while a lady walks by with a bag from a shoe store .
on a crowded street a woman is carrying a bag from the store shoegasm .
a woman walking carrying a shoegasm bag .
people are walking and looking something .
a woman wearing black boots carries a bag from the store shoegasm through a crowd of people .
a man is sitting outside at a table and his backpack is next to him on the ground .
a young man reading in the street while sitting at a table .
a man in a gray shirt is reading a book at a table outside .
a man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
a bearded young man wearing a tshirt and jeans is reading a book at an outdoor cafe .
a ball player on the dirt mound pitching .
baseball player throwing the baseball .
a baseball player trows the ball .
a pitcher throws the ball .
the man is pitching a baseball on a dirt mound .
a woman in a white tshirt and gold necklace cleaning a rail with a yellow towel .
a woman with a white top with design on the front cleaning the white railing .
a woman dressed in a white shirt is cleaning a balcony with a yellow cloth .
a woman with short brown hair is wiping a railing with a yellow towel .
a man wearing a white shirt stands on a balcony and cleans the railing with a yellow rag .
two chicago police officers are talking while viewing a work site from above .
two chicago police officers in uniform overlook a city street .
two chicago police officers are surveying a demolition area .
two chicago police officers with backs turned .
two chicago police are standing next to each other while looking down at a city street from a elevated white gilded cage .
a man in a white shirt sings into a microphone as he reads the words on a screen while a balding man plays the drums .
two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings presumably and the other plays a set of big wooden drums .
one man is playing the drums while another is singing karaoke .
two men in a club playing bongos and singing karaoke .
two men one looking at a screen with a drum next to him while the other is a man dressed in a white shirt is talking into a microphone .
two pale brown dogs tussling on paved ground .
two dogs are fighting on brick pavement .
two dogs playing with each other .
two brownish dogs are fighting .
two light golden colored dogs playfully wrestle together on the brick area .
several africanamerican youths are playing on a playground merrygoround .
a group of kids on a merrygoround playing at the park .
some kids playing on a merrygoround on a playground .
african american kids playing on a marry go round .
children play on a sitandspin at the local playground while others slide in the background .
a man in a green shirt reclines in a lounge chair in a living room of a house .
a guy sitting in a chair with a mug on the table next to him .
man sitting in a couch with a cup on the table .
a man wearing green tshirt sits in a chair .
a man in a green shirt brown pants and glasses sits in a recliner talking with others in the room while looking at the photographer .
men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air .
a war reenactment with onlookers observing .
men are shooting guns in a public square .
gun salute during a public display .
a group of men wearing old military uniforms are standing in formation while they demonstrate the use of their rifles to a group of onlookers on a city street .
a group of men are dressed for a renaissance faire .
several men dressed in renaissance outfits .
the crusaders are marching along the road .
men dressed as knights walk through town .
a stream of men wearing old century viking costumes and armor are marching along a walkway with stone buildings in the background .
two young black girls are in ballerina tutus performing ballet .
several children stand around in pink ballerina tutu outfits .
a little girl is dressed in a pink ballerina costume .
young girls are wearing ballerina outfits .
the little girl ballet dancer is giving the other little girl ballet dancer a strange look .
a couple hold each other standing on a ferry looking out at a ferry .
couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat in the background .
the couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean .
a couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
a man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship .
two guys both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt they are having a match .
one martial arts black belt delivers a kick to another in front of an audience .
one karateka kicking the other while the other parries the kick .
two men sparing in martial arts in front of a crowd .
two martial arts fighters in white stand on a platform along with a man in black pants and a shortsleeved buttondown who watches as one mans foot extends towards his blocking opponents face .
a man i a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum .
a darkskinned male working with a metal disc on top of concrete .
a man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .
a asian guy is making something out of metal .
a man rests a silvercolored metal disk on a rock surface as he works on the back side of it .
a woman wearing a yellow shirt and shorts hit the tennis ball .
a young tennis player stretches for a ball on a clay court .
a woman tries to volley a tennis ball .
a woman wearing yellow playing tennis .
a girl in a yellow tennis suit green visor and white tennis shoes holding a tennis racket in a position where she is going to hit the tennis ball .
the little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
a white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
a small white dog is running across a grassy field .
a white dog runs in the grass .
a fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
the two dogs are running through the water side by side .
two dogs running side by side in water .
two dogs running in the surf .
two dogs run in the water .
one black dog and one brown and white dog are running in the water .
a young man in a black shirt has propped up his head with his arm and has nearly fallen asleep .
the young man in the black shirt is leaning against a chair and appears to be falling asleep .
a guy leaning his arm on a chair with his eyes closed .
young adult sleeping in a room full of people .
a collegeaged white male sleeping in what appears to be a classroom room with two other people inside it .
a person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave .
a person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean .
a man on a jet ski soars through the waves .
jetski rider drives through crashing wave .
two people riding their skidoos up fast rushing white waves .
a little girl in a red shirt and jeans climbs a small tree while another little girl looks on .
two young girl are playing near a small tree and one has climbed up into the branches .
one child is climbing in a tree while another older child watches .
a young girl watched as a girl younger than her climb a tree .
two young girls are playing in the forest the younger one is climbing a short tree and is about 2 feet off the ground .
two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb .
two young women are sitting on a curb and chatting .
two women with bags sit on the sidewalk and talk .
two women are sitting on the street side .
these young ladies are waiting for a ride but got tired and had to sit down .
a baseball player is attempting to tag out a runner .
a baseball player trying to get the runner out .
a baseball player preparing to slide into base .
two men playing rugby on the ground .
a baseball player in gray and orange is trying to avoid being tagged out by the second base player of the opposing team in maroon and white .
two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch .
two sumo wrestlers competing in a match .
two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match .
one very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches .
woman in blue headscarf and black clothing carrying 2 trays of pastries outside a building .
a woman with a scarf over her head walking and carrying two large square items .
a woman carrying an object on her head and in her hand going through town .
an arab woman carrying goods from one place to another .
a foreign person walks with a material down a walkway heading through a residential area of a foreign country that is not recognizable through the photo .
a woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .
a man is cooking outside food with a blond woman watching .
the woman with the scarf is watching the man cook .
a woman is shopping on the open market .
a blond woman in a dark beige scarf and jean jacket watches a man in a black shirt cook some food .
a wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
a startled man wearing a blue jacket is looking at the camera .
a man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
man in blue is posing for the camera .
a man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
a young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
girl in orange suit swims in pool .
the girl is swimming in the pool .
a girl enjoys the swimming pool .
a young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool .
four children snow sledding down a hill .
children are sledding down a snowy hill .
the people ride down the road on sleds .
sleds sled down the street .
five children sledding down a snowcovered street .
a male in a red shirt has two dead skinned animals on a table with a saw nearby and a knife in his hand .
a man looks intently at the camera as he is holding a knife to butcher some meat .
a man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board .
a young male in a red shirt is carving meat .
a young man in a red tshirt is looking in the camera while he is preparing to cut up two butchered animals .
a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
a fair in texas with many people .
people at the park under the trees .
adults and children at a fair .
a crowd of people stands around a game booth at some kind of fair .
a surgeon is working on a patient using surgical tools .
a surgeon is performing a medical procedure .
a doctor is performing a surgery .
a doctor is performing surgery .
the surgeon in the blue scrubs with white gloves is cutting something in the patient and wiping the blood off on the gauze to keep his scissors clean .
a young asian girl is wearing a school uniform and standing in a market setting looking for someone .
a young asian women in a uniform stands with a green bag in a market .
asian schoolgirl carrying her bags and a musical instrument .
a girl standing in a skirt and black shoes .
an asian schoolgirl in a typical schoolgirl uniform dark pullover plaid skirt and knee socks with penny loafers .
two dolphins flying headfirst into a beautiful tropical blue lake .
two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
two dolphins jump out of the water together .
two dolphins jumping into the water .
two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them .
a young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
people standing and walking in a flea market .
a man and a woman walk at a flea market .
an asian couple walks through a market .
a young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
a child slides down a pole on a playground .
a boy is at a playground on a pole .
a boy spins on a park playground .
a kid playing in the playground .
a little boy sits and spins on a playground .
crowds of people are walking in the street and with confetti falling on them .
crowds gather in times square under red and white confetti .
a ticker tape parade with a lot of people on a city street .
this city is throwing a big celebration .
many people walking down the street in a large city while confetti is flying through the air and one man is holding a sign that says team usa .
two females looking at a mountain in a park wearing bathing suits .
two women are looking out into a beautiful forest from a ledge .
two young girls standing on an overlook in the mountains .
two women look out on view of mountain .
two girls at an overlook in a wooded area looking towards a mountain in the distance .
woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on gray surface .
a girl in a red shirt and brown pants is skating .
the woman is skating in the park .
a woman is rollerblading in public .
woman wearing a red sweater brown slacks and a white hat rollerblading on the street in front of a yellow building .
rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background .
a soccer player advances with the ball on a sunny day .
a group of men running in a field .
a bunch of men playing rugby .
a rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs .
a man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak .
a person in a kayak rides waves in the ocean .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave .
a man in a red kayak .
the male kayaker is moving through the rough water .
two small children are talking in a field in front of a yellow caution tape .
two young children stand in a field and interact with each other .
two little boys standing on a field of grass together .
two little boys are on the grass .
a young child with a toddler are standing in a field of grass with a yellow tape behind them .
there are 4 women standing on a sidewalk and 2 of the women are holding a flag that is white and red .
two old women hold a white flag with a red cross next to two other women .
two women hold a red and white flag while two other women look on .
two older women holding a red cross flag .
2 elderly women in light colored clothing holding a flag on the side of the road while two women watch .
a girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone .
two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting .
a woman is walking at dusk down an urban street .
someone walking along a wall .
two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone .
a man on a blue motorcycle is waiting in traffic on a busy city street .
a man is riding the bike without wearing his helmet .
a man on a blue bike waiting in a line of traffic .
a man is riding a motorcycle in traffic .
a street scene featuring oncoming traffic including cars and motorbikes .
a man is doing a jump on a rocky passage that overlooks a barren group of trees .
a man crossing a natural stone bridge jumps while in the middle of it .
a man is jumping on a bridge made of stone near a mountain .
this man is jumping up in the air on a rock bridge .
on a natural stone bridge high over an evergreen valley a man jumps into the air .
a little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park .
a young girl twirls her fluffy purple skirt .
a girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
the little girl has a purple dress on .
little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt .
two teams one wearing green one wearing red playing a game of soccer .
during a soccer game two players jump up to headbutt the ball .
two soccer players from opposing teams leap into the air .
several men in green and red uniforms are playing soccer .
two soccer teams one team in teal and the other wearing red in the midst of a game .
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him .
a guy wearing jeans and a black shirt on stage with a mic singing a song .
a man in a black tshirt sings while his band plays .
a man in black shirt singing into microphone .
the singer in a band is singing into a microphone while the other members are playing their guitars and drums .
a man laying on a seat face down possibly sleeping .
a person laying face down on a bench seat .
a man is sleeping on a subway seat .
a man is asleep on a seat .
a man dressed in a gray shirt striped running pants and tennis shoes is sleeping on a bench .
a man wearing a military uniform riding a white horse down the street as spectators watch from behind barricades .
a man in a red jacket is riding a white horse through a street .
a man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting white horse .
soldier riding a white horse .
a man in a red and gold uniform and black cap sits on an embellished saddle and blanket on a pale gray horse as it trots along a gray road while onlookers watch between a low metal barrier and a brick building .
a group of children stand outside in front of two large tires .
three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires .
three children stand in front of two large tires .
three children gather around a red float .
a girl with a blue shirt looking scared with two other children behind her .
the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass .
a small dog leaping but not very high .
a daschund leaps through short grass .
a small dog running in grass .
a small brown dog runs through the grass in front of another dog and their owners .
there are several people on a boat and one is person is dropping their drawers and mooning passersby .
a group of men stand on a flat boat as it heads down the waterfront .
a group of people are on a boat .
people on a safety boat .
a small crowd of people float in a small motorpowered boat flying a french flag attached at the rear of the craft .
a woman in a blue coat is playing in the snow with a child .
a child and a woman are in the snow sledding and playing .
a lady and her son playing outside in the winter .
a woman and child play in a snow covered yard .
a mother in a blue jacket and a child in a black jacket are walking in the snow around trees .
a man in an orange jacket and white hat looks offcamera .
a person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
a smiling construction worker with a white helmet .
a man in a hard hat stands beside a ladder .
a man is wearing a hard hat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
three black men are working in a desert scene and loading something onto a makeshift trailer .
two males unloading small barrels from a cart while another uses a shovel .
three men are loading a makeshift cart in what appears to be a desert .
three people are using a homemade cart to carry water from a well .
three black young man are working in a semideserted area with a pile of construction material and jugs one of them is digging .
a smiling toddler is sitting in a bathtub with her wet hair pulled into a long wet spike coming off the top of her head .
a child is in a bathtub with his mouth wide open his hair is spiked up .
a girl in a bathtub has had her wet hair spiked up .
a baby in a bathtub with a wet hair mohawk .
little girl in a bathtub with a huge smile and her wet hair sticking straight up like alfalfas hair in the old tv show the little rascals .
several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill .
bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill .
people carry their bikes up the hill .
a group of cyclists race uphill on foot with their bikes on their shoulders .
a group of women sitting around a table for lunch .
several woman are conversing around a table .
a crown of woman sitting around a table .
group of people in a cafe .
a group of women sitting around a table while knitting and drinking coffee socializing with one another .
a woman in a green blazer is shaking hands with a man in a suit in front of a large crowd of people .
a woman in a green suit and a man with a matching green tie hold hands in a crowd .
a female politician is wearing a green jacket and holding hands with a man .
a woman in green is shacking the hand of a man in a suit .
nancy pelosi wearing a green coat shakes a man in a suits hand in front of a crowd of young people .
a man in a gray shirt with crazy hair playing the drums .
a guy in a black shirt is rocking on a set of drums .
man in gray shirt rocking out on the drums .
a very excited drummer playing the drums .
a darkhaired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm .
a very young lady playing a game with a string and spinning tops .
young woman in a red shirt is playing with a chinese yoyo .
a woman in a red striped shirt plays with a string toy .
a girl having fun doing malabarism .
a woman wearing a red and white striped shirt outside surrounded by trees .
a baseball player tries to slide into third base while another player blocks him as an umpire approaches .
a baseball player is sliding into a base while another player made the catch .
a baseball player goes for the out while the umpire races to make the call .
three men in a baseball field .
a baseball player from the tigers is sliding onto a base while the umpire is running to see whether or not the player is safe .
some people are standing around a large inflatable slide watch a child slide down it .
kids playing on a slide one with a white shirt and blue jeans .
going down the slide at the carnival .
a boy is riding down a bounce slide .
a boy in a blue shirt a girl in a white shirt a man in a black shirt and black cap and a goateed man in a white shirt stand next to an inflatable slide while a boy in a white shirt and jeans bounces downwards .
an old wearing a gray hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people .
a man wearing a shirt and tie looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd .
a man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange .
man wearing hat cardigan and tie in a crowd of people .
a man in a blue sweater black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people .
a baby girl wearing an orange and pink outfit is smiling while being held .
baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile .
a young child is happy because her mother is smiling at her .
a baby smiling while playing with her mom .
a beautiful little toddler has a beaming grin as she is held by a smiling older female .
a small boy and small girl are wearing formal clothes at a wedding while walking down the aisle .
a flower girl and ring bearer are walking down the aisle wearing the pink wedding colors .
the ring beerier and the flower girl walking down the isle .
cute little kids pretending to get married .
a ring bearer wearing a black suit with a pink vest is smiling big next to the flower girl in a white dress with a pink tie .
a man in a red jacket is walking in front of cars which are covered with snow .
a man in a red jacket uses a snow blower to clear the sidewalk .
a man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot .
a person is snowblowing a path outside .
cars covered in snow with a man walking with a snow plow on the sidewalk in front of the snow covered vehicles .
a man with dark hair is sitting in a half backed chair by a window overlooking a street .
darkhaired man with beard reading while drinking coffee at a counter .
a man sits by himself at a table by the window of a dark cafe .
a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .
a man sits alone with his drink at a long table in a darkened cafe overlooking a busy shopping mall .
a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .
young lady on a ferry takes a photo of the water with her phone .
a lady riding a boat looking out at the water .
a young woman enjoying the day .
a woman standing in front of a fence by a large body of water wearing a white top and jeans with a plaid bunny purse on her shoulder .
a little girl in a flower print bathing suit jumping into the ocean .
a girl in a swimsuit is jumping high near water .
a young girl is jumping in the air at the beach .
a girl jumping into the ocean .
a girl in a floral bathing suit jumping on the beach in front of the waves .
two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
two men wearing sunglasses .
a man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down .
there are several asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor .
a small group of children all looking in the same direction .
the children in class are sitting on the floor .
three girls are sitting on the floor .
a group of four young children three girls and one boy are sitting on the floor inside with a bottle of water in front of the girl wearing glasses .
a gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort .
a man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him .
a strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt .
man in scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk .
on a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm .
a young girl with a white tank top examines the leaves of a plant .
here is a young girl wearing pajamas and observing a plant .
a little girl touches and looks at plant leaves .
this girl is plucking the flower from the plant .
a little girl with flowing long hair is looking at the leaves on a bush .
four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes .
four older gentlemen playing wind instruments on a stage .
the picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding .
four old white men are playing instruments .
four men sit on a stage playing woodwind instruments looking at the four music stands in front of them which have the words the thistle on them .
a baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
a man in a gray uniform sliding into a base .
a baseball player slides toward a base .
three men playing baseball .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station .
two children in a toy car in front of a gas station .
two kids in a toy car at a gas station .
kids ride outside in red car .
two children are riding in a red play vehicle at a real gas station .
crowd outside at night walking to their destination .
a crowd of people walking on a pavement at night .
a large group of people gathered at night .
many people walk around at night .
a crowd of people is walking through a parking lot at night .
four football players look on from the sideline while two teams are in formation at the line of scrimmage .
some football players on the sidelines watching their fellow a teammates start a play .
a football game is in progress between two teams wearing navy and white jerseys .
a football play is about to begin with the white team on offense .
two football teams one with white helmets the other with gold helmets and all with blue uniform tops getting ready .
one man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot .
two guys are playing baseball in a parking lot .
two men are playing baseball in a parking lot .
two men playing baseball in a parking lot .
a boy in a white shirt prepares to hit a ball thrown by a boy in a green shirt in an empty parking lot .
two boys wearing swim caps are in a swimming pool .
young boys practice swimming in an indoor pool .
boys in swimming caps swim in lanes of a pool .
boys and girls swimming in a pool .
swimmers in the water with swim hats on their heads .
a white suv is parked in front a building with a tree whose trunk is painted red .
a tree whose truck in wrapped in red coverings in front of a tall white building .
a white car is parked next to a tree that has red bark .
a red tree in front of a modern white building .
a red tree standing in front of a white building with a white range rover parked beneath it .
three women leap into the air in joy on the shore .
three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town .
three women jumping in front of a body of water .
three ladies jumping on the coastline .
three women are at the beach jumping up in the air with their hands up .
a woman in a blue and red dress stands outside her house hanging the laundry .
a woman in an apron puts clothes on the line next to a white picket fence .
a woman in a long dress is hanging clothes on a clothesline .
a woman hanging out her laundry on the line .
woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line with clothes hanging on the line .
two adults two children and two dogs are sitting on a sofa .
family on the couch posing for a picture .
a family posing for their portrait .
a family is taking a portrait .
man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .
a man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench .
the man reading a newspaper is standing up by a public sitting area .
a man reads a newspaper in front of a bench .
four young people are waiting at a bench .
there are three people sitting on a bench outside a building and one man standing next to it looking at a newspaper .
two workers holding up the tree look around while the other two work hard with their shovels .
workers in yellow safety vests plant a tree in a city walkway .
five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree .
four road workers planting a tree .
four men working putting a tree into the ground two are looking away while the other two are shoveling the tree into the ground .
a man jokes with his friends as they all sit in camping chairs joking and eating .
a man in a black shirt and kahki pants holding his arms straight in the air .
a man in a gray shirt and khaki pants sits on a camping chair .
a man is sitting on a chair with his hands above his lap .
a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .
a motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle .
a motorcycle racer leaning over to take a sharp turn .
a race motorcycle takes a sharp turn on the track .
a blue motorcycle is being driven on a racetrack .
a sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit .
a little girl drawing with chalk on a chalkboard .
a child in a sweatshirt is drawing on a chalkboard .
a young boy is writing on a chalkboard .
a young child drawing on a chalkboard .
a child wearing a red and gray shirt is standing in front of a chalkboard .
a man dressed in black plays a long instrument with others in an orchestra .
a student playing an african american cultured instrument .
a young man in an orchestra plays the didgeridoo .
a young man plays a didgeridoo in an orchestra .
a concert band entertains through a variety of wellknown and notso wellknown instrumentation especially the young musician with the strange looking instrument .
roofer going to get the rest of his tools after realizing the chainsaw isnt the right tool for the job .
a man wearing only blue jeans walks in front of a building .
a man with no shirt on and blue jeans .
a young man stands on a roof .
a shirtless man wearing a cross necklace walks away from a brown brick building with a chainsaw in the background .
a person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements .
the lady solicits her restaurantss products on the street .
a woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs .
a woman holding signs advertising food .
a woman in a pink hooded sweatshirt carrying advertisement signs down a sidewalk .
girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog .
a girl in purple pants running with two dogs .
a girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
a girl running outside with three dogs .
a girl is running through a field with a brown dog and white dog running beside her .
a family of three in the park dad and mom are smiling with their little baby .
two darkskinned parents look happily on their child in a park .
a mom dad and baby smiling in a park .
a man and a woman looking at a baby .
a family of three with two parents and a baby is standing outside in a park .
a man in a dark sweatshirt is sitting at a table with a red pen and a newspaper .
a man sitting at a table writing on a newspaper .
a man sits at a table looking over a newspaper .
a man reading the paper at a cafe .
an older man in a dark shirt is resting his chin on his hand while writing on a newspaper .
a woman who is showing major emotion on a running track .
a runner is excited by her last marathon at the track .
a athlete runs across the racing lanes on a track .
woman runner on track in running clothes .
a woman on a racetrack with her head pointing down screaming .
a girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .
a man is standing on the shore of the ocean posing like a bird .
a person watching the sunset over water raises her arms .
a persons image performing a yoga pose while looking at the sunset over the water .
two people riding a motor scooter in the rail down the road in the rain .
two people on a motorized scooter in the pouring rain .
two people riding a scooter in the pouring rain .
two people are on a motorcycle in the rain .
on rainy streets a motorcycle with two helmeted people stops for a white car .
a woman wearing a black shirt is looking at a woman with a beverage in her hand on a sidewalk .
the lady with the brown shirt is chatting with the lady holding the water bottle .
two young women walking down the street on a warm day .
group of people walking on a street .
two women walking down a busy street talking to each other passing a man in an orange shirt .
a boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
a little boy in blue is playing in a stream .
a boy in a party hat splashes in the water .
a young kid is jumping in a puddle .
a little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
there are two children walking along a beach with a bridge in the background .
a young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat .
a child gets a piggyback ride near the oceanside .
mother and son having fun on the beach .
with the dam in the distance the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee .
a guy with a microphone and wearing a green shirt is approaching a bird .
a man with a microphone is interacting with a bird of some sort .
this is a young guy reaching for a falcon on a perch .
a trainer displaying an eagle to a crowd .
a white man with a microphone lets a large bird lands on his gloved hand .
a market offers a variety of fresh colorful vegetables in the open air .
women conversing while tending their produce in a market .
women workers in a produce market in a foreign land .
asian woman with baskets of colorful vegetables .
an open air market with many baskets of vegetables and some women sitting between them .
an old lady wearing a gray hat coming out of the store .
an old women in a brown coat standing on the sidewalk .
a woman is waiting to cross the street .
an old woman next to the sidewalk .
a old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .
a man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark .
a lone bicyclist jumping in the air over a ramp .
a person doing a leap with his bike over a hill .
a person on a bike in the air over a ramp .
a man does bike jumps in the dark in an empty pool .
two women are shoveling a large pile of dirt with some sort of smoke or mist .
two shoveling women are volunteering in a major landscaping project .
two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside .
two women are standing on a mound of dirt shoveling it .
two women one in brown with a brown hat and the other with a black tank top are shoveling a very large mound of steaming mulch .
exhausted looking men and women are finishing up a marathon .
several people wait outside at the local community event .
a group of runners appear to breathe heavily outside .
marathon runners show exhaustion as they line up .
group of racing competitors woman is wearing green and white shirt with watch man to her right is in red .
two women are participating in part of a dragon dance .
a group of people celebrate their asian culture .
two women in costume smiling in a parade .
women smiling and moving chinese dragon .
two ladies wearing red and gold uniforms are smiling while holding up a dragon .
a woman and a man are in an airtraffic control tower looking out onto an airfield .
two airport controllers watch their monitors in front of a large window .
two people looking out the window watching radars .
air traffic controllers watching a runway .
two air traffic controllers are sitting in the control tower overlooking the runway .
two women are laughing behind a girl who is sitting down .
three women are at an outdoor food establishment .
two girls are standing behind another girl .
three young asian women laugh .
three asian women wearing neck badges sit and stand underneath a red awning .
barefoot boys play soccer in front of an african river with colorful boats .
four black children playing soccer near the shore .
young boys playing ball on the beach .
four african boys playing soccer .
this young mans body contorts as the camera catches the motion of his soontobe goal .
a woman standing on grass is holding jackets and a dress .
a woman wearing a scarf displays outfits in a park .
a woman displaying several items of clothing .
a woman holding clothes in a park .
a group of people sit or stand on the grass while one in the center holds small jackets and a yellow and blue dress .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river .
a dog runs through a creek next to large rocks .
a black dog swimming in water near rocks .
a black dog is walking through a stream .
a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
a smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog .
a brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
a chow jumps on a huskey .
two dogs play in a large fencedin area while two men watch from a distance .
a man is jumping on a pogo stick on the sidewalk in front of an audience .
a man in a blue jump shoot practices ninja jumps for a crowd of people .
a man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people .
a group of people have gathered to watch a street performer .
a crowd of people watch a street performer do a trick with a fancy pogo stick .
a woman is posing in front of a hilly landscape while holding a tree .
a woman wearing sunglasses is hugging a tree on a mountainside .
a girl smiles and leans on a tree as she climbs a hill .
a woman is posing outside next to a tree .
a young woman in a tank top holding a tree in a rural mountainous setting .
a child with her hair tied is smiling .
a girl with pigtails is laughing .
a girl with pigtails is smiling .
a child is laughing and smiling .
a happy young girl in pigtails watching something .
a crowd of people forms across the city street filled with traffic .
it is a sunny busy day as people gather on a city street .
a crowd of people is standing outside next to a street .
many people in a crowded city .
a large crowd of people are congregated between a busy street and a tall building .
a kid with a white hat and a blue towel around his neck is carrying a scuba mask .
boy with a blue towel and white hat holding goggles and a snokel .
a small boy in a white had near a lake playing with a snokel .
the boy is going to dive in the river .
a young boy in a white hat and blue towel is carrying a snorkeling mask while walking on rocks on the shore of a blue lake .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
people are sitting at desks in a library .
a girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
person sitting at a desk in a library .
group of people from behind seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .
a man dressed in black doing light art on the street at night .
a street performer is twirling fiery sticks as an act .
man doing a show with lights outside on a sidewalk .
a person is standing on a sidewalk across from an establishment named luca and waving sparklers around in their hand .
a woman wearing glasses and a yellow shirt is holding her hand out .
woman with a yellow hat and yellow shirt speaking .
a woman in a yellow hat is talking .
woman speaking in a kitchen .
a woman in a yellow hat and yellow shirt holding her hand out like a claw .
a man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer .
number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .
a man in a number ten jersey kicks a soccer ball while another team member watches .
a man with a scruffy beard passes out fliers near a few bikes chained to a gate .
a man in a black jacket is passing out newspapers .
a man with a beard is selling newspapers .
a hipster is posing with his banners .
a man dressed in a black tshirt with a white alien on the front handing out newspaper propaganda .
an older asian man is baking bread sticks in an oven .
a skinny baker retrieving fresh bread from the oven .
a man is taking bread out of the stove .
man removing bread from an oven .
a chef with glasses cooks french bread in a giant oven .
a person on their knees next to a car with pieces of wood underneath .
a firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car .
a man working on a car with a lot of body damage .
a man is servicing a truck .
a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports .
a man with long redhair a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market .
a man wearing a brown sweater standing next to a fruit stand .
a fruit vendor trying to sell his fruit in a market .
a person selling fruit in a market .
a young man samples and peddles the wares of a fresh produce stall in possibly a farmers market .
individuals in uniform some camouflage and some yellow dip silver apparatuses into red and blue buckets .
soldiers washing dishes in tubs on the street .
soldiers are washing pans in red tubs .
people in army washing pans .
three soldiers are washing cooking tins in red buckets with two women with yellow vests standing behind them .
a woman talking on her cellphone and a man are standing outside of a sbarro pizza restaurant next to the subway .
a man looks at the camera as he stands outside a subway entrance while a girl behind him talks on her cellphone .
a man and woman wait outside the entrance railing of a subway station outside of a sbarro italian restaurant .
a woman is on her cellphone at the top of the subway steps .
a woman on the phone is standing at the end of the subway entrance while a man with a black hat stares straight at the camera .
boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake .
girls seated at table with a candle covered with lit candles .
woman and four little girls near cake with candles .
smiling children gathered around a birthday cake .
a birthday celebration taking place for a girl who has reached age 5 .
the man with the scarf is lying on the lawn .
a man lies on his left side in the grass .
a man is laying down in the grass .
man lying under palm tree .
a man in a light green jumpsuit relaxing in the grass .
a man sitting at a computer hides his face from a little boy in a gray shirt .
a man sitting on a ball hides his face from a small kid .
a man in an office is playing with a child .
two males are playing with toy guns .
a man is sitting at a desk covering his face while a younger boy stands in front of him .
an african american carving images into a plank of wood .
a skilled calligrapher is working at his art .
a man carving an elephant while woodworking .
a woodblock is being chiseled into art .
a right hand etching a figure into a block of wood with a metal tool while the left hand steadies the wood .
a male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
a man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop .
a man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
a man sits on a rock near mountains .
a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background .
a crowded street is filled with many cars and pedestrians .
a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it .
a cab is driving on a busy city street .
a man in a taxi waiting to go .
a yellow taxi cab with a sign reading mama mia on it and a guy sitting in the back .
two men one in a blue shirt and another in a gray shirt put on friendly faces and pose for a picture .
an older man sits in front of a young man standing in an air traffic control booth .
two men one sitting and one standing are at the controls at an airport .
an older gentleman sitting and a young man standing in a control booth .
two men one younger and the other older stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a tent holding a banjo or guitar .
a man is standing under a tent playing a guitar .
a young bald man standing alone playing a banjo .
a man stands holding a string instrument .
a man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar .
many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area .
a large group of cyclists ride down a city street .
dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street .
several people are bike riding .
a group of people running a bicycle race past a red building .
a couple are eating at a table on a covered patio while two infants in highchairs and another woman look on .
three adults sitting down to a table to eat with two babies at each end of the table .
a family of five sitting down at a table to eat and enjoy a dinner together .
a group of adults and two infants enjoy dinner .
a family eats sitting around a table and drinking wine with two babies the mother father and an unidentified woman .
a child in a pink flotation device is in the water and surrounded by adults .
four people in bright blue water with a child in a pink inter tube .
a group of people are swimming in clear blue water .
4 people swimming in a beautiful lake .
an african american family with a pink flotation device is in clear ocean water .
two children are hugging each other indoors .
a young boy and girl hug and smile .
two children hug one another .
two children hug .
a girl and boy hug each other near a doorway .
boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball .
the boy dribbles the ball in the playground .
a young boy playing basketball .
a boy with a basketball .
a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .
a man is sitting in the chain while texting .
a man with black outfit sitting on a chain .
a man is sitting on a chain .
a man sitting on a chain .
a man sitting on a chain stretched across the road .
a remote controlled childrens toy motorboat flies a kite under a bridge in the water .
a parasailer rides parallel to the golden gate bridge .
parasailing under the golden gate bridge .
a person is kite surfing by a bridge .
a kite is being flown next to a suspension bridge and the boat and the person flying the kite are visible in the foreground .
a female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court .
a woman in a white top and blue shorts is playing tennis .
woman in a white shirt and blue shorts playing tennis .
a blond woman wearing glasses is playing tennis .
a woman in blue shorts and white shirt holds a tennis racket on a blue tennis court .
a person wearing rollerblades is skating along side a railing .
man with blue shirt is doing a grind with a skateboard .
a man riding a his skates on a sunny day .
a boy is skateboarding outside .
a young man in a blue shirt is grinding his skateboard at a skate park .
a bride and groom cut a threetiered cake in a dark room .
a bride and groom cutting the cake at their wedding .
a bride amp groom cutting their wedding cake .
a couple cuts a wedding cake .
a young newlywed couple cuts their wedding cake that their reception .
a woman wearing a mask is sewing something on her sewing machine .
a woman in a air filter mask is sewing with a sewing machine .
the lady is sitting at the sewing machine working .
a woman in a gas mask is using a sewing machine .
a woman wearing a gas mask is sitting behind a sewing machine sewing .
a woman with a black jacket and red scarf and leggings walks with a man while another passes and looks back at them .
a couple is walking down the street while passing a man who is looking back at them .
woman in red tights and man with long hair walking down a city street .
a man and a woman are walking down the sidewalk .
a guy who is holding cardboard and a girl are walking down a sidewalk next to a street and in the background an older man with a cane is walking the other direction but turning and looking at them .
a man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
a surfer catches a good sized wave .
a man in black surfs on a wave .
a surfer is on a wave .
man catching a large wave on a surfboard .
two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
a dog chewing a blue rope while two men watch from behind .
two men under a dog hanging by its mouth from a rope .
black dog with blue string in its mouth .
two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall .
three people wearing gladiator garb standing in front of a building .
three men rest on the steps near the entrance in full roman attire .
three men dressed as roman soldiers resting on some steps .
three men dressed in roman gear lounge on a stone step .
three men dressed in centurion costumes are sitting in front of the building .
a man in a black coat and blue shirt is talking on his phone indoors .
a man is a black suit is talking on the phone in a room .
a businessman in a dark suit is talking on a cellphone .
a man makes a call on a cellphone .
a young man with a close haircut and wearing a sport coat is talking on the phone .
a young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts pulling on a rope standing in a pit of mud .
two girls play tugofwar in a muddy pit while another girl looks on .
children getting pulled into water pit while playing tugofwar .
girls playing tugofwar in mud and water .
two girls are playing tugofwar and losing as the girl in front is drug into a muddy puddle of water .
a newspaper sculpture is in the middle of a crowded walkway .
people dressed for cool weather eagerly waiting in line .
horrific artwork displayed at the local hipster bar .
people are waiting in queue to get their tickets .
a sculpture made out of paper on the left with people in the background .
two male friends are riding the train together while relaxing and drinking beer .
two men one who is drinking a beer are sitting smiling at the camera .
two middleaged men relaxing in some sort of transportation .
two friends pose for a picture as one drinks a beer .
one guy in a striped shirt drinking in a beer sitting next to a guy in a blue shirt smiling .
a young man bearing his midriff and other people are gathered in a city street .
a brownhaired man is wearing a blue shirt that says boys will do boys .
man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade .
a man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen .
there is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads boys will do boys waving at the camera .
a man in a blue windbreaker walks past a building with the address 330 .
a person in a blue jacket walking down the street .
a man in a blue coat is walking on the sidewalk .
a man walks past a building with a blue coat .
a man with a blue jacket stands outside a building with goldrimmed doors .
a man in traditional garb is bleeding from cuts on his back .
a man shows hi back that is covered in cuts and bleeding .
we can see blood at the back of this man .
a mans cut and bloody back .
a man wearing nothing but a cloth around his waist is standing facing a crowd with a bright red substance on his back .
a dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out .
a black and white dog runs on soft green grass .
a dog runs on a field with its mouth open .
the dog is running on grass .
the brown and white dog is running through the grass .
a worker wearing gloves is bending over and working .
a man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting .
a man rinsing blue fabric items in murky water .
a person washing clothes in an brick square .
a man is bent over with his gloved hands in some kind of liquid .
there are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders .
a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line .
six asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
asian girls line up near some flags .
several women in pastel colors stand in line one holding a child on her shoulders .
a woman wearing a black shirt is pointing to glass that has the word utiah written on it .
a museum guide describing an exhibit to some tourists .
a black man is pointing at a sign .
a woman selling ethnic goods .
a young man smiles and points at something offcamera while standing in front of a display .
a man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand .
two glowing lamps hang above a mans hand and his head .
a man in a dark colored shirt holds up a unique light .
a man is checking out a lantern .
a man is standing in a white room with the lights turned down holding a detailed lantern with another hanging nearby .
a man with white hair a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter .
a man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
a man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella .
man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street .
a man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head .
three men play instruments while others stand in the room .
a bunch of people standing and sitting in someones home .
several people playing instruments in a room together .
a group of people in a room .
a small group of people are playing video game instruments in someones living room .
a person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
a boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
this person is falling off a scooter in a parking lot .
a woman is about to fall off a scooter .
a boy wearing a helmet flips up his scooter as he skates between orange cones .
the dog is wearing a red baseball cap and has its mouth wide open .
a black and white dog with a red cap on its head yawning .
a dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide .
a dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth .
a dog that is wearing a red cap is standing by a guitar with its mouth wide open .
a white man is playing a guitar in a recording studio .
an middleaged man plays a light blue fender guitar .
a man in a black sweatshirt plays a guitar .
a man playing his guitar .
a man in black and blue plays a powder blue rock guitar in a studio .
crowd gathered around a group of young performers .
a group stands waiting for children to perform .
children are addressing a crowd on red brick .
kids lined up and surrounded by people .
a crowd is gathered ready to watch some young adults perform .
a white man wearing white underwear is bending over backwards while wrapped in black bands .
a male performing an act using string lines bending backwards with underwear on only .
a man is bending backwards with black straps around him .
a man stretches far back with his eyes closed .
a muscular man arches backwards while supported by a black chord which wraps around his body .
a woman derssed in a black sweater gloves hat and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
a woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
a girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket .
a woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand .
the girl sitting by a rock is wearing a black coat black hat black gloves but is covered by a pink blanket .
a girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle .
a woman in a track uniform jumping over a hurdle .
a woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
a tall girl hurdles .
a young blond woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle .
a girl on the end of a seesaw with her hair blowing all over her face .
a girl with long hair is riding a teeter totter .
girl on a teeter totter playing violently .
a woman riding on a childrens toy .
a person wearing a gray sweatshirt and tennis shoes is sitting on something .
two guys in a mirror one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving .
a man is watching a younger man shave with an electric razor .
a man stares at another man observing his shaving technique .
one man shaves while another watches .
a father is observing his son kurt to see if his teaching prevents kurt from cutting himself as he shave with a razor for the first time .
a darkhaired boy wearing a green tshirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him .
a young boy wearing a colorful tshirt runs through a street fountain located on a riverfront .
a child runs through a fountain .
a boy plays in a water park .
a smiling young child runs through the fountain that comes out of the ground in the city while folks watch him run through the water .
people are sitting in the grass at night during a carnival or fair of some kind .
people are in a park at night with bright lights on and watching something .
people relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival .
many small groups enjoy a fireworks show at night .
various people sit in a brightly lit field at a festival as a crowd mills about near them .
women in children wait in line for an ice cream truck outside of a building .
people lined up and purchasing ice cream from the mobile ice cream truck .
a group of women are standing around an old fashioned ice cream truck .
people buying ice cream from an antique truck .
people gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream .
many people are gathered and the group in the foreground is conversing with drinks and their coolers nearby .
a group of people with canned drinks stand outside talking around ice chests .
the people are having fun outdoors and they are talking with coolers .
people are outside next to coolers and bags drinking .
tall man in brown baseball cap clutching blue and red ice coolers with a target store shopping bag sitting on top .
this is a picture of an asian man in a factory sewing .
a man operates an industrial sewing machine .
a man operating a sewing machine .
a guy working in a factory .
a man is sitting at a table working with a machine of some sort .
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jackolantern on someones porch in the background .
a girl trick or treats with a black and red dress with black and white sleeves holding a scythe .
a young girl with a scythe over her shoulder is trick or treating as the grim reaper .
a girl dressed as the grim reaper during halloween carries a plastic bag .
a girl wearing a black dress trimmed in red and white is walking in an alley with a tool over her shoulder and a white plastic bag in her hand .
the furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete .
a dog runs across the street .
a dog leaping on pavement .
a black dog jumping .
a gray dog jumps through the air over a gravel path .
a boy in a maroon shirt and cap with gloves playing in a baseball ground .
a young person in a baseball uniform has their arm extended .
child postthrow of a baseball at a base .
a young boy throws a baseball .
a young pitcher wearing a maroon shirt and hat has just thrown a pitch .
a group of people congregate outside while a man in a black shirt and glasses walks toward the camera .
a boy wearing a brown shirt is holding up an umbrella .
a group of people socializing on a street .
people walking around in a busy city .
a boy with a long shorts and brown shirt and a blue bag on his bag is passing through a crowd of people with his green and white checkered umbrella .
a man standing against a building in the sunlight as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture .
a man reads a book at the corner of a building and you can see the photographers shadow in the foreground .
a man in a red shirt stands against a wall while the shadow of another man can be seen in front of him .
a man in a red hoodie is reading .
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other peoples shadows in front of him on the pavement .
at a little league baseball game an umpire calls safe as a player crosses home .
an umpire signaling that the player is safe in a youth baseball game .
kids playing baseball while people are watching .
kids playing baseball while a play is called .
an umpire of a little league youth baseball game calls a player wearing a red helmet safe at home plate as a n opposing player in a blue shirt tries to tag him out while onlookers watch from behind a fence .
a child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
a boy jumps off of a structure into a pool .
a boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
a child jumps off a slide .
a youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
woman by building in short coat with other building in view .
a woman wearing a black shawl walking out of a building .
a blond women walks out of a modernlooking building .
an agent in a black coat .
a woman in a black coat exits a large business building in an austere marbled setting with an older building flying the flag of germany in the background .
a young woman writes a message in chalk on the pavement .
a petite woman writing on the ground in chalk .
a woman writes on the ground with white chalk .
a boy writes on the ground using white chalk .
a blond women holding a red box is writing on the ground with white chalk .
a group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground .
several young people standing next to tenspeed bikes .
bicycles stationed while a group of people socialize .
many people are hanging out by the bicycle racks .
a group of people are standing in front of parked bicycles on a corner with various carrying bags on the ground .
a child playing with her peers in the school playground .
a girl in a blue dress plays at a playground .
a little girl in a dress on a playground .
a young child plays on a play set .
a young girl wearing white stockings is working her way down a play set .
asianamerican little girl wearing blue jeans and a flowery shirt playing with a flower on the ground .
a young girl looking at something in her hands while sitting in a grass field .
a young girl sits in the grass admiring a tiny plant .
a young girl is inspecting a flower outside .
a young girl wearing a pink flower print shirt and blue jeans examines an object in her hands while sitting on the grass .
the construction crew has brought in a crane to assist in erecting ventilation shaft .
large commercial brick building with construction workers and a heavy equipment .
construction workers are working on a pipe on the side of a building .
a crane is hoisting someone up next to a building .
a crane is lifting two people up a tan and brick building while two other people look on .
a man is hanging on to a rearing horse with brush in the background .
a man is riding outdoors on a tan bucking horse .
a man riding a horse which is rearing up .
man on horse that is rearing up .
a man in a cowboy hat struggles to remain atop a bucking beige horse .
a group of pedestrians walk down a city street .
a man in black stands beside a tall building .
a snow covered street with people walking .
people walking on a desert street .
people walk down a narrow street between tall buildings .
a terrier mix catches a frisbee in the air .
a white and black dog catching a frisbee .
a dog catches a frisbee in midair .
a dog catching a frisbee .
a white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth .
a group of hasidic jews stand amidst a crowd adjacent to a busy city street .
bearded men wearing black gather together outside of a religious service .
people in black hats gathered together downtown .
many jewish men in a city .
a group of men in black suits and black hats are standing along a parade route .
runners race through kneedeep water in a marathon .
five athletes running through a poodle of water .
people are running a race through some water .
people in a race running through water .
a group of people wearing marathon signs run through a stream .
three men getting some kind of grass together on a windy day .
three men manually collect hay in a field .
three workers out on the field playing .
three men working together in a field .
two young blond men gather long grass with another man wearing a white shirt .
people working in front and behind a really nice counter with black tile .
two people in black hats are standing behind a counter .
two serving people are having a deep conversation .
a large fancy restaurant looks empty for now .
two chefs talk together behind a tiled restaurant calendar in a fancy restaurant .
a dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .
a black and white dog has a red toy in his mouth and is jumping .
a dog with a red toy in its mouth .
dog with something red in mouth .
a dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth .
several people are dancing in a dance routine on stage as others look on .
nine young people wearing black perform a play in front of an audience .
a group of dancers in black shirts are performing on stage .
stage dancers practicing their dance routines .
a dancing troupe of african american youngsters doing a choreographed move .
a man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies .
a man and a woman lay next to each other on a couch under a blanket .
two people are playing on the couch laughing under a blanket .
a couple cuddles under a blanket on a couch .
a person in a hooded sweatshirt is embracing a man on the couch while partially covered by an offwhite comforter .
a man sits in a big blue boat looking at dirty water .
a man with a blue hat is sitting in a blue boat .
a man sits on a boat stuck in the sand .
a man sits in a dirty blue boat .
fisherman in a blue boat inspects the waters murky condition .
the man is setting up a tent on the shore near the ocean .
a man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up .
man setting up camp after canoeing .
a man is camping on a beach shore .
a tent rests on the shore and a man and canoe are in the background .
a man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
a man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night .
a man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a man stands at the top of a stadium staircase .
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background .
excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains .
heres an interesting shot of a couple captured seemingly in midair .
a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .
a couple jumping in front of a scenic backdrop .
a man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands a cloudy sky in the background .
a woman repairing a bicycle wearing a black shirt and jeans and white shoes .
a woman in dark clothes and white shoes works on a bicycle .
a cyclist works on her red upside down bike .
a man is fixing a bikes chains .
one woman wearing a black shirt black pants and white dirty white shoes surrounded by bicycles with a helmet on the ground appears to be fixing the rear wheel of an upside down bicycle .
a small boy holding a hand of cards with uno cards in the foreground .
a boy and a person offcamera playing a card game .
boy sitting on the couch playing a game of uno .
the boy is playing uno .
three uno cards in reds and yellows in the foreground with a young boy holding additional cards in the background .
a basketball game is occurring and three men in white jerseys are watching a man in a red los angeles jersey dunk the basketball .
basketball player attempts to dunk the basketball while being surrounded by three members of the opposing team .
blake griffin of the los angles clippers dunking over a minnesota grizzles player .
a basketball player is making a jamming the ball in the basket .
intense basketball game while los angeles player dressed in red reaches for the hoop while the other team wearing a white uniform and fans look intently on .
an older woman is carrying a large red sack in front of a wall covered by graffiti .
a spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder .
a woman dressed with a pink jacket and jeans is carrying a big red sack .
a middleaged woman is hauling a large red bag over her shoulder .
a woman is walking in front of graffiticovered walls and she is hunched forward carrying a large red cloth bag .
local african boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart .
a young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope .
an african boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road .
a boy is riding down the road between two cows .
a young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mothers wagon down a dusty dirt road .
a man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him .
man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side .
a man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on .
a man a gun and a dog .
the man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
a golfer takes a swing at a golf course while a crowd of onlookers watches .
the crowd looks on as a man with a red argyle sweater plays golf .
spectators are watching a pro golfing tournament .
a man is swinging his club in a game of golf .
several individuals are watching a man in a red sweater play a game of golf .
a child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
a child wearing a black cap with an orange stripe is in a snow tunnel .
a person crawls through a snow tunnel .
a person in a snow tunnel .
the child is in a hole and is wearing a black and orange hat a jacket and a glove .
two muddy athletes from opposing teams going head to head in a game of rugby while fans watch expectantly .
two soccer players on opposing teams trying to keep the soccer ball from one another .
a rugby player is running with the ball as a defender moves to intervene .
two men from opposing teams with dirty uniforms in a match of rugby .
two combatants in a rugby stadium making a move on each other one wearing green with ball and defended by 5 in the maroon colors .
water splashes up as a man waterskis through a lake .
a man waterskiing and being splashed by the water .
a man is wake while being pulled by a boat .
man shows his skills on waterskis .
a wakeboarder is traveling across the water behind a ramp .
an older gentleman in a blue longsleeve shirt is preparing food on a round table with a woman in the background .
an older gentleman with glasses and a blue sweater seems to be preparing food .
an elderly man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
an older man in a blue shirt prepares food .
an older man in a blue shirt is spooning a substance onto objects while a woman is wearing a blue shirt in the background .
a white bird flies agains the backdrop of green foliage .
a longbeaked bird in midflight .
a bird soars with wings spread .
a white bird flying over trees .
a bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air .
man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip .
a man points out something in the snow to two other people .
three people looking at something in the snow near a tree .
a guy pointing at a tree snowy environment .
a man in a red winter hat is wearing snowshoes while looking at a green pine tree .
a man in a black cap and white shirt is grilling burgers while wearing gloves .
a male restaurant employees are grilling burgers and cheese .
a man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside .
a man grills burgers outdoors .
a cook grills up hamburger patties in the window exposing the kitchen to the view of people on the street .
the lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy .
two woman are looking on different types of papers and photos on a wall .
two woman wearing jackets are looking at a board .
two ladies are looking at jewelry .
two women wearing winter coats examine a wall with papers attached to it .
police officers putting yellow tape from a doorway to a tree to stop bystanders from entering the area .
three police officers tape off a section of sidewalk blocking a group of people .
the police are putting up a do not cross line while many spectators watch .
people gathered near a closed door .
several people mill around a sidewalk in front of a building looking as police put up crime scene tape .
the guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard .
a guy skateboarding on a basketball court .
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt .
a skateboarder ollies .
a man jumps in the air while performing a stunt on his skateboard .
upstairs in a cafe one man is eating and at a separate table another speaks on a cellphone while downstairs a man sits among cardboard boxes .
a lady is eating in a restaurant and a man is downstairs kneeling in the restaurants kitchen .
people are eating in a restaurant while a man unpacks boxes downstairs .
a man is stocking shelves while people are eating in a restaurant .
through windows into a building we see on one floor people eating at a nice restaurant while on the floor below we see a working man looking out at us from where he kneels between shelves and boxes .
a group of young people most wearing red wave for the camera as they walk by buses .
a group of seven men are standing in front of a yellow and blue bus .
a group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus .
a sports team getting off their bus .
a group of foreign exchange students having a good time and enjoying the city life in the astonishingly busy streets of new york as they enjoy their first time being in the united states .
people are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
a group of people sit at a table in front of a large building .
people are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
two people are seated at a table with drinks .
two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building .
a soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
a ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
a soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
a soccer team scores a goal .
goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass .
a group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence .
four young girls are standing in front of a wooden fence .
a group of young girls in a fenced in area .
four children gather in front of a fence .
two girls wearing a yellow shirt one wearing a green shirt and the last wearing a pink are each looking to the side .
a person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
a boy in black pants and green tshirt jumps high with his skateboard .
a guy on a skateboard jumping off some steps .
he is in the air on his skateboard .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building .
several people including a young girl with a pink top and shorts waiting at a bus stop .
a man wearing a black vest and a girl in an orange uniform are waiting at a bus stop .
a man and a woman wait at a mass transit station .
a man standing and a woman staring at him .
a young woman wearing red shorts and tshirt waits outside with an older very well dressed gentleman .
a group of children sit as they seem to watch and listen to someone .
here are 3 middle eastern boys deeply absorbed in a lecture .
several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down .
three young boys pay attention to something .
three boys are sitting down watching or listening to someone or something .
two boys kicking a ball over a net outside .
a guy does a spinning kick to hit a ball .
two young boys are playing volleyball .
two men playing volleyball .
two boys wearing black shorts and no shirts kicking a ball over a net .
men wearing red jackets black hats and black pants standing in formation .
a large group of people in red soldier jackets are standing in lines outside .
a group of soldiers wearing big fuzzy black hats are standing in rows .
a marching band does a presentation .
a group of people in red uniform jackets and black pants are standing in straight rows .
a woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain .
the woman is walking through the waterspout with a smile .
a woman playing in an outdoor water fountain .
a woman is getting cooled off in a fountain .
a young woman wearing a black tshirt and cutoff black shorts enjoys the refreshing spray of water from a fountain .
a black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
a black poodle is playing with the snow .
a black dog is playing in the snow .
the black dog plays in the snow .
a black dog jumping and playing in the snow near a chain link fence .
the person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
a person wearing glasses is in the sand reaching for a yellow ball .
a person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
the boy is playing ball in the sand .
a boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
teens dressed as native americans sit in the park with their school bags on the ground .
five young women sitting on a green bench wearing headbands with feathers in them .
five young girls with backpacks sitting on a green park bench .
five young girls wearing headbands sitting on park bench .
a young group of friends adorned with face paint and feathered headbands sit on a bench .
a swimmer with a blue cap and blue goggles swims in calm water .
a woman swimming in choppy waters training for a triathlon .
a woman in a swim cap and goggles is swimming outdoors .
a woman attempts to swim across ocean .
a woman wearing goggles a wetsuit and a swim cap swimming in a large body of water .
a tennis player demonstrates a twohanded forehand shot during a match .
a woman tennis player dressed in blue returning a tennis ball .
a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball .
a woman in a blue outfit playing tennis .
a woman dressed in blue hits a tennis ball with an intense expression on her face .
the mother in green is looking at her son while he is crying .
a baby is crying next to a girl in a green shirt .
a blondhair lady sitting with a kid .
small blond boy throwing a fit .
children eating at a outdoor cafe amp someone doesnt like the menu .
a restaurant setting inside a building where people are currently dining .
people are sitting at tables in a large decorated room .
everyone attends a wedding of a loved one .
many people dining at a dance hall .
a formal event in a ballroom with one couple dancing and many people sitting around tables .
a man sits on the sidewalk in front of an asian restaurant as people pass .
many people are walking or standing on a busy city sidewalk .
downtown shoppers passing by homeless man .
a man sitting on a busy sidewalk .
a group of asian men and women talk to each other as they walk down a busy street corner .
boy skating on a railing in a parking lot .
an inline skater going down a handrail .
a rollerblader grinds a rail .
a skateboarder at dusk .
a man doing a skate trick on a metal railing .
a man and a woman walk down an urban alley flanked by small businesses on either side .
a woman walking with a man carrying a guitar case through an alleyway .
two people walk down a sidewalk in between buildings .
two people walking down a city alleyway .
a street alley with stores in which there are a few people walking down the alley while one woman is being seen behind the counter of a store .
an older man sits at a table behind a sign saying nursing idol as a woman wearing white stands next to him holding a microphone .
a nurse holding a microphone and an older man sitting at a table with a green tablecloth behind her .
a girl in a white jacket is smiling while she holds a microphone .
a nurse speaks to the crowd .
a woman speaking is speaking into a microphone and laughing and appears to be speaking about nursing idol steven dr robert harry taylor who is sitting next to her .
man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement .
a man in a yellow shirt is laying on the sidewalk .
a man in a yellow shirt laying on the ground .
a man is lying on the sidewalk .
a man in a yellow shirt and blue jeans is passed out sleeping dead or resting his eyes on a sidewalk .
people wait on a train platform at washington and wells in the city .
people stand at the washington and wells train station in chicago .
a woman standing next to some train tracks looking at a sign .
a view down the train tracks in a large city .
the several people standing on the washington wells platform waiting for a train .
a dog wearing a tshirt is standing on the ground in front of a lawn chair .
a dog wearing a tshirt and a hat is standing in the shade .
a dog in clothes is sitting smiling at the camera .
a dog chained to a chair with a shirt and hat on .
a cute little brown dog with a curly tail dressed in sweater and hat stands in the shade of a rainbowstriped beach chair his chew bone laying nearby .
this is a classic european style cafe with a woman standing behind the counter making coffee .
a woman in a red scarf is working behind a counter .
a woman is behind a counter near a coffee maker .
a woman working in an oldfashioned bar .
a lady wearing a red bandanna and apron is standing in a store that contain many bottles and glasses inside a china cabinet .
a person is observing photos that are in frames on a wall .
woman looking at pictures in a photo gallery .
an older person staring a dimly lit pictures .
a woman looks at pictures in a gallery .
a person wearing a red sweater vest is staring at pictures on a wall .
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture .
bikers gathered around the neighborhood .
people watching an interesting thing .
men standing around with bicycles .
a group of men are preparing to go for a bike ride or race .
a tanned woman is riding a bicycle while wearing a white bikini .
a young woman riding a bike wearing a white bikini .
a tan woman riding her bike next to the beach .
a woman in a white bikini riding a bike .
a woman in a white bikini rides a bicycle people walk and cycle behind her .
the man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean .
a father launches his daughter in an oceanside pool .
a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .
the man throws the child into the water .
a young girl jumps off the hands of a man in a pool near the ocean .
a man sits and drinks a drink with other people in the background .
a man drinks from a glass while sitting at a table .
a man in a white hat takes a drink .
customers dining at a restaurant .
a man wearing a white cap is drinking water with lemon at a table next to a mirror that shows a server and three more seated customers .
an adult holds up a bushel of sticks in a field .
a man wearing a jacket working hard in a field .
young african man does work in a field .
farm workers gathered in a field .
an african man wearing a maroon suit top is leaning next to a tall tied bundle of sticks with bales of leaves in the background .
a man carries bouquets of flowers and a box of cigarettes and suckers .
a man selling flowers and other things while walking down a street .
a man walking through the streets selling flowers and cigarettes .
a man carries bouquets of flowers and a box of cigarettes and suckers .
a man selling flowers cigarettes and candy walking down the street .
two women wearing sleeveless dresses are dancing .
two girls wearing white dance at night outside .
two women wearing white shirts are dancing .
two women dancing at night outside .
two black women wearing white shirts facing opposite directions .
a young child wearing an embroidered hat and clothing .
a boy with a golden crown and a white robe .
a young child dressed in a white robe .
young child wearing religious outfit .
a young boy stands in a parking lot and looks back at the camera .
a police officer works while resting his right foot on his motorcycle .
police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest .
a policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching .
a motorcycle cop monitors a crowd of people .
a police officer wearing his helmet standing next to his motorcycle standing next to a taller bald black male wearing brown pants his leather jacket across his shoulder .
a ballerina wearing pink shoes black tights and a gray dress strikes a pose in front of a building with large columns .
a woman dressed all in black wearing toe shoes strikes a dancers pose on one foot in front of a gray stone building .
a ballerina in a black dress and tights dances in front of a concrete wall .
young lady with short redhair performing ballet .
a ballerina dances in front of cement walls and pillars she has her left foot on her toe on the ground with the other above her head in a v shape and her arms raised .
a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red white and blue cloth .
an elderly woman sowing cloth outdoors .
a woman is using a large loom .
a woman weaving on a loom .
a woman is sitting on the ground while weaving something with the colors red white and blue .
a lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else .
this wall makes a great resting place while hiking through historic views .
two women sitting on top of a stone wall high in the mountains .
a woman in a light blue shirt resting against a rock .
a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting .
two archaeologists digging out some archaeologist things .
archaeologists are on the ground digging for something .
two people performing an archaeological dig .
two ladies looking for artifacts .
two archaeologists are examining something in their dig site .
two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass .
one dog biting at another dogs face in a grassy field .
there are two brown dogs playing in field .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass .
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .
an older woman pouring batter into a pan .
a woman in a kitchen making cupcakes .
a woman pouring batter in a kitchen .
an older lady wearing a black shirt pouring batter in a muffin pan .
there is a highly populated beach with clear water .
hundreds of people enjoying a day at the beach .
a lot of people are playing on a beach .
people on a crowded beach .
a beach with light blue water and homes built into the mountains in the background is bustling with people in the water and standing in the sand at the waters edge .
several women dressed in colorful costumes near a city hall building .
a woman wearing a brightly colored costume stands on stage .
women in costume stand on a stage .
costumed women perform outdoors .
brightly dressed feather headed wearing women competing on a stage in some sort of pagent .
workman standing on scaffolding against the new york city skyline .
a man stands on a scaffold his back facing away looking at a city .
a construction worker is building scaffolding for the job .
a construction worker assembles a scaffold .
a construction worker in jeans is standing on a scaffold holding on to a metal frame with a city backdrop .
a man in the middle of the section for womens lifestyle magazines reads a magazine that declares i m pregnant .
a white man who looks like harry potter reads a magazine in front of a purple womens lifestyle sign .
smiling man with hat standing in store reading magazine that says i m pregnant on cover .
a young man is reading a womens magazine in the magazine aisle in a store .
a young man wearing a blue hoodie and black beanie is standing next to a shopping cart in front of an aisle of womens lifestyle magazines looking at a tabloid with the headline i m pregnant .
several hockey players are at the end zone as the goalie misses the puck which slid into the net .
the goalie of an ice hockey team is being scored on as several members of his team watch .
a hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts .
people playing ice hockey and trying to get a goal .
a hockey player scores a goal with two opposing players skating nearby and the goalie in the goal .
a young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling .
a person is standing in front of a woodclad house .
man standing outside of a log cabin smiling .
man smiling outside in blue shirt .
a young man wearing a gray shirt standing outside a wooden structure smiling and making a fist with his right hand .
a crowd of women and children being frightened by something in the sky .
a crowd of women and children mill about in a poor country .
a large crowd of people trying to get something .
many children are gathering between houses .
large groups of families gather in an outdoor courtyard to pray for rain .
an old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
an older man wearing a brown coat siting on a bench .
old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench .
an elderly man is sitting on a bench .
the older man with the shopping bag and cane is sitting on a bench .
a white woman wearing white pants and a black top is waiting for the bus to come .
a blond woman in a black shirt waits for the train .
unexpected photo op in the train station .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk .
a middleaged blond woman wearing a black sleeveless top white pants and a frown stands at a transit stop .
a colorfully costumed group of women and children performs a dance on stage .
women and children in colorful outfits perform on stage .
women and little girls performing a cultural dance .
children in colorful outfits on a stage .
dancers of varying ages on a stage little girls in pink and white older girls in pink and green holding up bows and girls with white pants and asian inspired tops .
an old man and a young woman are dancing back and forth in what looks to be a wedding surrounded by its attendants .
a bride dances with her father at her wedding as the wedding guests look on .
an old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on .
a father and daughter dance at her wedding .
a photograph with bizarre lines separating degrees of brightness depicts an old man and a young woman dancing at a fancy party as several people look on from their tables .
a young man performs yoga inspired by a beautiful day on the beach .
a man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach .
a man in swim trunks poses in a yoga stance on the beach .
a man posing on the beach by the water .
a carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
a man is standing beside a large colorful birdcage containing birds .
the man is standing next to a bird cage .
a man posing in front of a bird cage .
a man standing next to a bird cage .
the man in the black sweater is standing next to a green bird in a birdcage .
a man in a green sweatshirt and jeans pushes a bike with a cart attached to it down a street .
a man wearing a green shirt and a black sleeveless jacket is standing next to a tricycle .
a man is pushing a bicycle powered cart down the brick street .
a man in a green shirt pushes a strange wheeled cart .
a man is holding his modified tricycle it has an area for storage another man in a leather jacket is gesturing at him .
a man with dark hair and a red shirt throws a dart at an offcamera target .
a man in a red shirt with a black wristband throwing something .
a man in a red shirt throwing a dart .
a man pulling down a screen .
a young man in a maroon shirt gestures at an unidentified sports event possibly tennis .
a young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat .
a boy is sitting in a boat on the water .
a young boy is floating in the water .
a young boy rides in a small boat .
young boy on a floatation device in a lake with boats nearby .
a man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table .
a man wearing glasses and a brown button up shirt at a meeting or conference .
a man in a gray shirt throws his hand in the air in question .
a man sitting at a table with both hands raised .
male with dark blondhair eyeglasses watch gray shirt with a brown folded bag and white coffee cup on a white table .
food sits on white plates in front of wineglasses and a wine rack .
a well lit room with three glasses on the table and two plates .
an elegant food serving on table at a restaurant .
a meal is on a table in a restaurant .
white wine and appetizers on are displayed in an upscale restaurant .
two women standing behind a young girl holding two trophies .
two women and a little girl pose with trophies .
the ladies with this young girl look happy .
a little asian girl holds two trophies .
a little asian girl is holding two big trophies in a picture with two adults standing behind her .
usain bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 london olympics .
a group of men are outside on a track and running in a race .
six men are running a race during the 2012 london olympics .
six track and field runners competing in the olympics .
six black men are either competing in a track race or practicing for a competition at the london 2012 olympics .
people outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house .
several people are trying to climb a ladder in a tree .
family on hillside harvesting below the tree .
a group of people building a tree house .
five people are on their yard with two of them climbing a ladder to a tree in the background .
a young girl in a zebra jumper dress and pink turtleneck is opening her birthday gifts and receives a stuffed dog .
little girl wearing a zebra striped dress and a flower in her hair smiling while holding a stuffed animal .
a young girl wearing pink and zebra print smiling while holding a stuffed animal at a birthday party .
a young girl playing with a stuffed animal while a redheaded child watches .
a girl about 8 years old is sitting in front of a television delighted with a stuffed animal while a boy watches .
several people gathered at a train station one on rollerblades .
a group of people are walking near a train platform .
people walking on a sidewalk in front of a building .
a group of people walking in front of a subway rail .
people walking on a platform at a train station with informational signs overhead .
a mans arms putting some paper in a copying machine .
this person is about to put paper into a copy machine .
a person is putting paper through a shredder .
a man working an office printer .
a person is preparing to send a piece of paper through a paper shredder .
a large dog runs through a field in the rain .
black dog runs through field in the rain .
the speckled dog runs through the marsh .
the dog runs through the field .
a black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds .
two people and a dog laying down at a memorial park .
two people and a dog are napping in a public park .
two people and a dog are resting outside .
taking a nap in the park with friends .
two drifters and their dog sleeping at a historic location .
an asian tour group looks towards a site as their guide with a green flag faces towards them .
a group of asian people shading their eyes and looking past the camera at something .
a group of people stare upwards some seem to be in shock .
the crowd watches something from above .
a group of people the majority of whom are male are standing at the foot of a flight of stairs looking up .
group of people standing and sitting under overpass .
crowd of people sitting and standing under a bridge .
a group of people waiting around under the freeway .
many people gather outside a busy freeway .
a crowd of people hanging out near a fence with barb wire .
a young girl holding a small child whos wearing blue overalls .
a teenager girl holds a toddler with a pacifier .
girl in blue jacket holding a baby in overalls .
a young girl holding a toddler .
a young girl in a blue sweater holding a baby in a white shirt outside .
a woman in a white shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt pointing upwards .
a man in all black is pointing is finger to a blond woman behind him .
a group of people are visiting in a dark lit room .
a man in his bar is pointing his finger up .
a man in a club addressing other people and holding his index finger up with a woman standing behind him .
women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on .
students practicing yoga in a class setting .
people are stretching on yoga mats .
a group of people are doing yoga .
women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio .
a gloved man is walking on a sidewalk near an orange van .
a man is walking next to an orange van .
a man is walking towards an orange van .
a man walking next to an orange van .
a worker in a blue collared shirt and black pants walking by his orange work van .
two men are standing against a brick wall one is one a cellphone .
a man in a blue shirt looks off into the distance .
two men standing outside of a brick building .
two man lean against a brick wall outside .
a man on a phone standing next to another man outside an old building .
a man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance .
a man in a brown hat is swinging an axe .
man using ax to take down a structure .
a man uses an axe to do yard work .
a man in a hat and shorts is raising an axe above his head and standing near a wooden structure .
as a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him .
a bird flies low as a businessman walks down the street .
a man in a tie walking past a bird in flight .
a bird flying pass the walkway .
a young businessman walking down the street while a black bird flies in front of him .
there is a lady and a man sitting on a bench talking and watching people .
a girl holds the arm of a boy in black .
a young woman is holding a mans arm .
two lovers are dating .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench while the woman is holding the mans arm .
the old man in a baseball cap and glasses looked down at the baby wrapped in a striped blanket .
an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .
an older man holds a small infant thats wrapped in a blue and white blanket .
an older man holds a newborn swaddled in a white and blue striped blanket .
an older man wearing a black baseball cap and black shirt holding a baby wrapped in a blue and white striped towel .
a man wearing sunglasses and a white shirt is riding a yellow moped .
a middleaged man on a yellow motor scooter crosses the street .
a man riding a scooter crosses the street in the crosswalk .
a grayhaired man rides a yellow scooter across a street .
a man in a longsleeved shirt riding a yellow moped across a street .
seven people walking in the street while traffic waits .
pedestrians walking across the street at night .
people are crossing a busy street at night .
people are crossing a street at night .
figures cross the street both on and outside the crosswalk while many cars have stopped .
a young boy performs a skateboard trick off of a small ledge .
kid in a skate park doing a trick with his skateboard .
a kid is doing a skateboard trick at a skate park .
boy on his skateboard does a trick in midair .
young skateboarding boy flips his board while performing a stunt .
a man and a woman are relaxing on the grass in front of a body of water .
a couple relax on a patch of grass with a body of water behind them .
man and a barefoot woman lying on the grass by water snuggling .
couple laying in the grass by water .
a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .
two men are playing a sport similar to soccer with one in red trying to pass the defender in blue .
a soccer player quickly puts the ball back into play as a an opposing player marks him closely .
two guys playing soccer going towards the goal .
a group of men are playing soccer .
a soccer player wearing white shorts and an orange and green shirt holds the ball while being guarded by another soccer player in a blue uniform .
a man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
a teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
a teenager climbs a rock wall .
a man in a green shirt is climbing an obstacle course .
five people a man and four women are being pulled in a cart by a mule on a sunny day .
people hitch a ride in a wagon being towed by a donkey on a dirt road .
people ride in a cart being pulled by a donkey .
a donkey pulls a group of locals in a wagon .
a group of people ride in a cart vehicle pulled by a donkey in the midst of dirt land and shrubbery .
a group of young men playing basketball two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball .
men are playing a sport as a man in the corner table watches .
two teammates are guarding another man in a game of basketball .
a guy is being double teamed in basketball .
two basketball players in blue and yellow uniforms with their arms held above their heads are eagerly exerting themselves to be very close to a struggling guy in white uniform with red trim who is tightly holding a basketball .
a child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike .
a young man in a bicycle helmet rides on a street .
boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
a cyclist riding a bicycle on a road .
a boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road .
a woman in a yellow shirt and a man in a gray shirt are fixing a car .
a man is on the ground beside a blue vehicle with its tire removed .
a guy working on his cars breaks with someone helping .
two overweight men work on blue car .
a man and a woman are sitting while working on the wheel of a blue vehicle .
an intersection with a couple cars you can see the back of a bus .
an image of a city street with several vehicles .
a man is waiting to cross the intersection .
suburban street in the fall .
a man in a white shirt is standing on the curb waiting to cross the street .
a young man with redhair and a green shirt doing his homework at a table in the library .
a young adult with redhair wearing a green shirt is doing work at a table .
young adult in a green shirt with redhair writing on a piece of paper .
a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook .
a young man wearing a green tshirt sitting at a round table writing with a blue cap ink pen .
a child wearing a helmet and dirt bike gear rides a dirt bike over a dirt hill .
this child is enjoying his first solo dirt bike ride .
a young kid riding a dirt bike on a track .
a young kid rides a dirt bike in a race .
a little boy is riding a dirt bike with the number seven on it going down a hill .
a young boy in a red jacket and a young girl in a pink jacket are climbing stairs .
two young children climbing stairs and seen from the back .
two young kids walk up some stairs .
two kids climb the stairs .
the boy in the red top is following the girl in the colorful dress up a flight of stairs .
a boy in a light blue tshirt and red shorts runs forward as he is swinging a baseball bat behind him .
a young boy in athletic clothing is excitedly playing teeball .
a child just hit a ball while playing tball .
a child playing tee ball .
a child in a baseball park who has just hit a baseball off a tee with a blue bat and is about to run to first base .
a man sits in a chair by the pool playing the guitar .
a man playing guitar near a apartment swimming pool .
a man playing a guitar by a swimming pool .
a man playing his guitar by a hotel pool .
a man sits alone outside next to the pool while playing an acoustic guitar .
a man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
a wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom .
a young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
a couple pose on their wedding day .
a bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom .
a man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces .
two young men make faces as they drink from styrofoam cups .
two men with angry faces drink out of white cups .
two men drinking out of white cups .
a man in a straw hat and a man in a striped shirt are each drinking out of their own styrofoam cups and making strange faces .
a street performer tosses up a ball in front of a small crowd .
a group of people watching a man looking up at streetlights .
a man gazes upwards while others watch him on a city street .
a man throwing a green ball in front of a group of people .
a man balancing a green ball on a pole for a crowd on the street .
a man is standing next to a red door .
two men are standing by a red door .
a man is walking into a building .
a man is looking at another man .
a man in a purple shirt is about to talk to a man in a white shirt with suspenders .
a person carrying what looks to be a pillow on their head walking down an alley .
a man carries a pillow on top of his head while walking down the street .
a woman carrying a large bag on her head while walking down the street .
a lady walking down the street holding something on top of her head .
a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert .
a blondhair woman with an orange shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
a blond woman is leaning against the outside of a door smoking a cigarette .
a female standing in a doorway smoking a cigarette .
a woman in an orange shirt smoking outside .
a woman in an orange shirt is leaning into a doorway smiling and smoking a cigarette .
a man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water .
a man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront .
a man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet .
a man is laying in the sand .
a man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water .
the man is parasailing and doing a trick .
a man kite surfing creates a wave .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake .
a man wakeboarding .
a man in a wetsuit is suspended from a parasurfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
white dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass .
a white and brown dog is running over grass .
the dog in a red collar runs in the grass .
a dog leaps across the grass .
a white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass .
three women in business wear walk across a courtyard .
two women wearing dresses are walking by a building .
three women in dress suits walk by a building .
business women walk outside .
smartly dressed asian women are passing by a doorway in the street .
woman in black and white shirt dancing with man in all black in a studio .
two very flexible ballet dancers who are practicing in a studio .
two people holding on to each other in front of a mirror .
a man being dipped by a woman in a mirrored dance studio .
two dancers one male one female are doing a routine in a dance studio .
a boy in green pajamas plays with a red toy while a woman in a robe sits smiling in a chair behind him .
boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him .
a young boy in green pajamas playing with a toy at christmas .
i m enjoying my new toy for christmas .
a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .
a wet dog is jumping through some water on a beach .
a dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach .
a dog jumps out of the waves at the beach .
a wet dog jumps in the surf .
a dog jumps up on the beach with rocks in the foreground .
a man wearing a gray shirt is tuning his guitar .
a man in a black shirt is tuning his guitar .
a man is tuning a black and white guitar .
the man is playing a guitar .
a man dressed in black tunes a black electric guitar .
people shopping on a fairly busy street at night .
people walking around on a busy sidewalk at night .
a chinese street with many people and shops .
people wandering through a market shopping .
people are standing and walking down a sidewalk with stores on both sides .
a couple fishing on the waters edge standing on the rocks .
a guy and girl on rocks fishing in a body of water .
a man and a woman are fishing from shore .
a couple fishes from a rocky bank .
two people both wearing jeans are standing by the edge of water with fishing poles .
a woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove .
a young female technician in a white coat works in a modern laboratory .
a gloved woman looks at bottled materials in a laboratory .
woman in lab coat working .
a woman wearing a lab coat and gloves looks at some chemicals and stands next to some lab equipment .
a man in red and black striped clothing is sitting on a diving board with a yellow hat on .
a man in a striped shirt wearing a strange yellow had sitting on a diving board .
a man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board .
a man in red and yellow garb sits upon a diving board .
a man in a red and black outfit is sitting on a high platform with a strange look on his face and a yellow wig .
a redhaired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
a clown with redhair squirts water out of his eyes .
clown with redhair pretending to cry .
clown in colorful shirt laughing .
a clown with a red nose and theatrical makeup is wearing a colorful striped shirt and squirting water out of his eye .
the man in the red jacket is taking a nap outside on a raised concrete wall .
a man wearing a black and red coat is sleeping on a concrete ledge .
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .
a black homeless male sleeps on a wall .
a man in a red jacket is laying down on concrete using a sleeping bag as a pillow .
three women and two men in swimsuits sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels .
five people in bathing suit are sitting in lounge chairs on beach towels .
a group of young men and women laying on sunbathing chairs .
there is a row of teenager on yellow chairs getting tanned .
five people are laying on beach chairs while one man is raising his hand to the camera .
a man is shoveling snow next to a nissan altima with new jersey plates .
a man in a blue jacket shoveling snow around a nissan altima .
this is a man shoveling snow next to a car .
man standing in snow holding a snow shovel .
a man wearing a hat sunglasses gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan altima .
a man and woman standing in shallow ocean embracing and kissing .
a man and a woman are standing in the ocean kissing .
two people making out in the middle of the water .
a man and a woman kissing in the ocean .
a young couple embrace and kiss while standing knee deep in the ocean surf .
a man is doing a bicycle trick at a bike park with ramps .
a cyclist is leaning his bicycle up on its front wheel .
a man on a bmx bike is performing a trick .
man doing stunt on bike in a skate park .
a guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park .
two street musicians playing a guitar and bongo drums with the guitar case open for donations .
two men one playing guitar and one playing drums busk on the street on a sunny day .
two youthful street performers play guitar and bongos on the street .
two men playing instruments on the street to entertain passer byes .
one man plays guitar and another plays the bongos on a brick sidewalk in a city with an open guitar case between them .
several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them .
many people are sitting at tables that are located outdoors .
many people are eating and drinking at long tables in a bar .
many tables with many people eating .
this is a massive outside restaurant where lots of people come to gather for the night .
a silver car is passing by a red car that has tape over the back windshield .
a gray car is parked and has its wheels turned to the right .
a damaged car is parked across from people in a gray car .
two passengers are sitting inside a parked car .
a damaged red car with the back glass completely taped over and a smashed fender sits parked on a public street .
a boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
the boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside .
a child pushes another child on a swing .
a boy pushes a girl on a swing .
a boy pulls back a swing with a little girl on it .
a small dog stands next to a larger dog out in a field .
a large and small dog interact in a grassy field .
two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
two dogs standing in the field .
a small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches .
a basketball player in a white uniform tries to shoot a basketball while a player in a red uniform is above him and pushes the ball towards the ground .
a basketball player is attempting to make a basket when an opposing player attempts to block his shot .
a basketball player rejects another basketball players shot in midair right below the basket .
two basketball players are competing for the ball during a game .
a basketball player in a red uniform blocks the shot of a player in a white uniform and glasses while other while a referee watches and other players and onlookers sit behind them .
young kids showing a game they play in their country .
six young adults hold their hands above their heads .
an asian class participating using hand gestures .
a group of young adults raise their hands .
a group of young asian people wave their hands in the air .
a blond woman is marrying a man in a gray suit .
a man and a woman are getting married outdoors .
a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress .
blond woman is being married .
two men in tuxedos are looking at a female wearing a white dress .
a man wearing yellow is riding a bike in the woods .
a dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .
an extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest .
a man mountain biking in the woods .
two shirtless guys jumping over a fence in an urban location .
a woman with short hair reads a map as she sits in a laundromat .
a woman is looking at a map while sitting down in a laundromat .
women in black coat waits on laundry while reading newspaper .
a woman is reading the paper in a laundromat .
a young woman wearing a black coat and sitting with a book in her lap is reading a map in a laundry mat .
a man drives a black car in front of several large metal shipping containers .
a man in a dark blue car drives past some storage trailers .
a man driving a small black car is racing down the road .
man drives car next to shipping containers .
a person is driving a black twodoor sedan down a road next to a freight trains cars .
regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white .
two little girls wearing white dresses are standing next to a white carriage attached to two horses .
two young flower girls stand handinhand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses .
woman in a white carriage with two little girls in white dresses looking at the horses .
two young blond girls in white dress with flowers looking at horses pulling a white carriage on a brick road .
two young barefoot men in white square off against each other in an impromptu arena .
two people wearing white are dueling while a crowd watches .
two boys sword fighting in the middle of a crowd .
two people are dancing with swords .
two latin dancers dancing with mariachi band playing in the background with a crowd watching .
a woman behind a counter puts together a sandwich using tongs .
the woman is preparing a sandwich for a customer .
the darkhaired woman is making a sandwich .
a woman making a sandwich in a shop .
a chinese woman with dark hair and black sweater is making food .
there are many men racing on their bicycles .
a group of people ride in a race .
bikers participate in a race .
bicycles in a race .
a large group of bicycles riding their bikes .
a man in traditional scottish garb plays a bagpipe .
a man in a kilt is playing the bagpipes .
a man in a kilt playing the bagpipes .
a man plays the scottish bagpipes .
a man holds a bagpipes up to his lips while wearing a white shirt black and white striped tie and a kilt with some kind of ornament over his crotch .
a large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
an off road vehicle driving through a mud puddle .
a large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
an suv traveling through mud .
a sport utility vehicle is driving through deep and muddy water .
two young girls in dresses stand together in front of a yellow wall .
two girls together and one in polka dot dress is jumping rope .
two young girls are outside in dresses .
two girls are standing outside .
two young indian girls one in white is jumping rope and another in yellow is looking away .
a woman who face is streaked with black lines and dressed in roller derby gear adjusts her strap .
a woman in a black tank top wears a gray helmet as she rollerskates .
a woman in roller derby gear looks across the room .
a woman wearing a helmet and elbow pads .
attractive woman roller derby team roller girls stares while fixing her shirt and holding a bag .
a little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat .
a sad little boy sits in a car seat .
a boy in purple wearing a seat belt .
a boy wearing a purple shirt crying .
when am i going to sit in the front because i hate this belt .
a very young girl wearing a yellow shirt and navy dress eats rice .
an african girl smiles widely as she eats a big spoonful of grits .
a young child with mouth wide open for a large spoonful of food .
a little black girl eating rice with a big spoon .
a little girl wearing a yellow shirt and earrings is eating food out of a green bowl with a spoon .
a group of campers lakeside preparing and barbecuing food .
nueske employees are barbecuing meat for people to sample .
two men in red hats prepare meat on a small grill .
nueskes meat specialties table near a lake .
three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table .
from afar a person walks down a path through a brown field .
a man is jogging on a road in the middle of an empty field .
a man running in black and white tracksuit .
a man in all black runs down the road .
a man wearing a black and white jump suite is jogging down a road .
two girls one with a pink flower in her hair reading a letter sitting on a stone ledge .
two girls are sitting on a concrete bench looking at something in their hands .
two little girls sitting on a brick wall sharing at a book .
two young girls are sitting on a low wall reading a letter .
two little guys sitting on a brick wall the younger one is reading something to the older one .
a shaggy white dog plays with a colorful chew toy .
a blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy .
a fluffy dog looking at a yellow chew toy .
a fluffy tan dog dropping a colourful toy .
a fluffy dog plays with a small toy in a living room .
a bride and groom are feeding each other wedding cake .
a couple who just got married eating their cake .
a couple in white is feeding each other .
a man and a woman exchange cake .
caucasian couple both with redhair bride wearing a white wedding gown groom wearing light blue shirt and silk blue tie sharing a piece of white wedding cake with chocolate frosting .
several young people are standing in a circle smiling .
a group of people gathered in front of a doorway .
young people at a party dancing .
a group of people in a building .
a man wearing a stained blue shirt is surrounded by other people .
the lady in the yellow jacket and wearing a blue hat seems to be looking at something .
a man in black jacket looking at items from a street vendor on sidewalk .
a man is looking over what a street vendor has more sale .
two men are playing chess at a colorful stand .
a man in a black jacket is admiring the merchandise from a street vendor who is wearing a brown jacket .
a person who could be either male or female is doing a stunt jump on a bike .
this bmx biker gets air while well protected by a red white and blue helmet .
a person is flying through the air on a bicycle after leaving a dirt jump .
a bicyclist goes over a dirt ramp and catches some air .
the boy in the black jacket and checkered helmet does impressive jumps on his bike .
a lady is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a female with a guitar singing in a microphone on stage .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing .
a woman is on stage playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
a man is sitting on a stage playing a violin in an empty stadium .
a violinist practices in front of an empty performance hall .
man playing a violin sitting on a stage in an empty hall .
a man is practicing the violin in an empty auditorium .
a man in a green longsleeve shirt playing the violin in an empty auditorium .
a woman in blue sweater points while standing with a group of other women .
a woman in a blue sweater is talking to another woman .
a girl in a blue shirt points her finger at someone .
woman in blue sweater makes hand gestures .
woman with brunette hair blue sweater wearing black jeans and green shoes pointing her index finger .
here are two teen girls talking to each other or maybe text messaging someone .
two females sitting on a stairwell in a mostly white tiled building .
a woman in standing on white steps while anther one is sitting .
a girl is sitting on the stairs .
two teenage girls at the bottom of an entirely white staircase are shown as one leans against a white pillar .
many people sitting in rows some with cups looking in the same direction .
students are carefully focused in one direction .
a group of people sitting in a lecture hall .
students concentrate during class .
a group of students listens avidly during a classroom lecture or demonstration .
there are trees outside of a building in the middle of downtown .
people cross the street in front of a large building .
people cross the street on a sunny day in the city .
the victorian building is surrounded by trees .
a beautiful street photo where people are walking by an old building .
many tables displaying different national flags are assembled in a conference hall with people mingling or sitting .
a bunch of people are mingling in a fair where there booths with the flags of countries draped over the walls .
a large group of people are gathered at a meeting discussing things .
a group of people are gathered in an office talking .
a group of people standing around at a meeting or fair with various flags from different countries are posted and people sitting near them .
a man in a suit presents a presentation to woman wearing black .
a man is talking in front of a lady sitting behind a table .
a man is giving a presentation using a projector .
a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .
man in business suit presents slide show to a conference audience .
a yellow dog licks a little girl on the nose .
a small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog .
a little girl is petting a golden dog .
a tan dog and a little girl kiss .
a toddler girl puckering up for a kiss from the dog .
people preparing remote control planes on the side of a road .
several vehicles pulled over to launch their airplanes .
people and toy airplanes along the roadside .
people preparing for a model airplane meet .
minivans and other vehicles are parked beside the road and families are sitting under canopies .
a woman with glasses in a pink shirt and flowered skirt is smiling .
a woman in pink is sitting and enjoying the object she is holding .
smiling woman holding a piece of cloth .
a woman smiles after opening up a gift .
a woman in a bright fuchsia shirt and glasses is smiling broadly as she holds up a brown knitted item .
police officer on horse passes bicycle rider in front of white wall .
man on bike ask cop on horse a question .
there is someone riding that horse .
a mounted policeman passes a biker .
the police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .
two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall .
two puppies run across flat stones in garden area .
two small tan puppies walking on a stone path .
two puppies walking on stones .
two small puppies run along the edge of a stone wall nearby a heavily foliaged area .
a man wrapped in a towel is sitting in the sauna .
a man is relaxing in a sauna wrapped in a towel .
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna .
a man relaxes in a sauna .
a man with a towel wrapped around his waist sits in a sauna with the light on .
a man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes .
older man with shoes in front and behind him .
this man has worked here for many decades .
an old shoemaker in his factory .
a man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him .
a man with red loudspeaker wearing a shirt with german flag colors .
a man wearing a multicolored shirt is holding a megaphone .
a man in a uniform is standing on the street corner .
a man covering up parts of sign .
a white man in south africa with a megaphone standing near a street sign that gives directions to the afl premiership cup johannesburg and several other places .
three people are picking up trash in front of a restaurant .
people taking a walk on a path in a shopping center .
a couple walking on a sidewalk along a strip mall .
a group of people walking by two suvs .
people are walking on the sidewalk along the parking lot in front of a home improvement store .
a rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
a woman in jeans rock climbing .
a woman climbing a rock cliff .
woman goes rock climbing .
the woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
a boy is riding a toy horse which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner .
a young boy riding a brown and white rocking horse within a brick wall setting .
photo of an africanamerican child sitting on a toy horse .
a little boy sitting on a rocking horse .
a young african boy on a pony rocking chair inside a old aqua green and red colored brick room .
three friends chat in the backyard during a hot summer day .
a man and two women having a conversation on a lawn .
three people are having a casual conversation .
three person are discussing something .
a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors .
a girl dives into the water while another girl watches her .
a girl in a black twopiece is leaping into the water .
a woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake .
a woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake .
a woman in a black twopiece bathing suit jumping into green water .
a man in a brown leather jacket observes a portrait .
a man in a brown jacket is looking at art .
a man closely examines artwork .
a man is looking at artwork .
black male looking at piece of artwork of women with her face cover by a gray scarf .
four kids smile as they wear ribbons from their foreheads .
smiling kids with silly blue hats on their heads .
children with hats made of paper and streamers .
four children with hats smiling .
four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .
a man wearing a yellow shirt is holding a bottle while walking with a crowd of people .
a group of people playing an assortment of instruments while walking down the street .
people are marching in a parade while beating drums and playing instruments .
a procession of adults and children play drums and percussion instruments .
a group of people with colorful clothing walking down the street playing homemade instruments .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting something with a knife and fork on a kitchen cutting board .
a young man in a blue shirt is cutting a piece of meat on a kitchen counter .
man cutting into a piece of meat with a fork and knife .
a man is inside a kitchen cutting a piece of meat .
an asian man is cutting some meat on a cutting board in a kitchen and he is wearing a long blue tshirt .
a girl in a kitten costume stands near shelving .
a girl in a cat costume standing in an office .
a young girl that is wearing a cat costume .
a girl in a cat costume looking at a book .
girl dressed up as a black cat stands next to monitor .
a man sits on the beach outside his tent and makes something to eat .
a man cooks his dinner outdoors in front of his orange tent .
a shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
a man cooking food at his campsite .
a man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent .
a mature woman and senior man are dancing on a dance floor with a few other couples the lights are all red and you can see an attempt to block the day light with red curtains in the background .
an old white man looking very serious is ballroom dancing with a young lady .
an older male is dancing with a younger female .
a old man and young women dancing at a party .
an elderly gentleman dressed in a formal white shirt and pinstriped black slacks and black shoes is dancing with a middleaged woman in a short white dress and black high heeled shoes on a wood floor in a dimly lit room while another similar dressed couple dances .
two nurses are looking at a cart of supplies .
nurses in a hospital looking over supplies .
two nurses are looking at items in a cart .
two nurses look at medical information .
a white woman and a black woman converse in a hospitallike setting .
a large group of people are assembled in a large city .
a group of people are walking through the streets .
thousands of people attending a rally or event .
a massive crowd at times square .
people many of whom are wearing a white tshirt have filled up a city street .
a person in a black jacket is falling in the snow .
a person kicks snow in a field on a sunny day .
a woman slipping backwards in the snow .
person walking through snow .
a person in a snow covered landscape with trees in the background .
a man in a long white coat sits near a newsstand reading a newspaper .
a man in a tan jacket and blue jeans sits and looks at the paper .
a man is reading a newspaper in front of a newspaper stand .
a man is sitting at a newsstand reading a paper .
a man wearing a tan trench coat and jeans is sitting down and reading a newspaper .
a boy is doing bike tricks while a group of three other boys looks on .
a biker reaches the apex of his ramp while onlookers watch his feat .
one biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner .
one bicyclist does an awesome trick at a skate park .
four men in the background look on as a man is trying to do some tricks on his bicycle .
this new york street has a mercedes on it .
a broad shot of a busy street in a lull .
a typical picture of new york city .
cars drive down a city street .
a red car is parked upon a city street with traffic heading its way .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the suns reflection .
a dog walking through the pound .
a dog is wading in the water .
a dog wading into the water .
the dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
an asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar .
girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
an asian woman holds her fur scarf .
a woman dressed in elegant clothing is looking down while inside a crowd of people .
a girl waves a flag as she sits with a boy in the backseat of a firetruck on parade .
two unenthusiastic kids sit in a parked firetruck .
kids in a firetruck hold an american flag .
two kids standing in a firetruck .
a young boy and a young girl standing near a window on a firetruck the young girl holding an american flag .
a woman with red black and blondhair sitting with 5 children opening gifts .
a woman is sitting on the floor watching a child open a present .
a young boy is opening a present .
a young boy opening a present .
a woman with multicolored hair working in daycare has several children gathered while one of the children open a box wrapped in the comic section of the newspaper .
a boy holds a basketball during a game while others watch .
a boy is running with a basketball in his hands .
a boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
a boy throws a basketball during a game .
a young boy plays basketball while a few people behind him look on .
in this picture we have about 11 girls posing for a picture in a pool .
a family posing for a picture in a pool during a swimming outing .
eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool .
group of young kids in a swimming pool smiling .
a group of 11 smiling kids and young teens are divided into two groups in a large indoor swimming pool with the back person in each group holding their arms up .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
a black dog is running with a blue bone in his mouth .
a black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth .
a dog is running with a blue bone in its mouth .
a black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence .
a darkhaired woman walking while holding her baby .
a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms .
a woman is crossing the street holding a baby .
woman and baby crossing street .
a woman carries her baby while crossing the street .
two people helping a gentleman across the water .
two men are helping another man cross a stream .
a group of men cross a creek in a wooded area .
a group hikes across a stream .
a group of men is crossing a stream in the woods .
adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing .
a group of people are gathered under a slatted awning .
a group of people are gathered on a wooden deck .
a group of people gather on a wooden porch .
a group of people on a porch who has the sun and shadows from the roof shining down on them .
a girl in a pink shirt and floral pants is showing her mother that she can do a handstand .
a girl is doing a cartwheel in front of a woman in a white shirt and foliage .
a young girl performs a one handed cartwheel near a small garden .
a young child turning a one armed flip in the sand .
a female doing a one handed upside down stand on dirt while her female companion looks for something on the ground .
an elderly gentleman seated on a park bench appears to be napping with a young man laying across his lap asleep .
a man in black laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an elderly gentleman wearing blue jeans .
a sleeping man lays on a bench resting on the lap of an older sleeping man .
young man resting his head on older gentlemans lap .
a young man dressed in black dress clothes lies down with his head resting in the lap of an older man in plain clothes .
two motorcyclists wearing pink are talking as two other wait for them .
four people with scooters in front of a very large metal gate .
four motorcyclists are stopped on the corner of the street .
people ride their scooters on the street .
a group of people wearing bright shirts mingle around motorcycles in front of a gate .
nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach .
nypd policemen watch the crowd at a boardwalk .
nypd officers are watching woman at a beach .
police officers patrolling a beach .
two male police officers are standing on a pier or sidewalk of a beach with four females in the background and two green trash barrels and a bench .
two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
two kids ride their bikes by the ocean in the evening .
two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore .
two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a street lamp .
a woman dress in all pink and gold staring at something .
a person in pink dancing and twirling .
a woman covered in a hot pink fabric .
african women in a pink headdress .
there is an elderly dancer wearing a purple and gold colored costume that has light brown skin and dark curly hair .
a young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball .
a young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool .
a young man lining up his shot in a game of pool .
a young man is shooting pool .
a young man with billowy redhair lines up his shot of the 9 ball on a pool table .
a group of children are walking on a trail near a green wooded area .
a group of school children walk up a country path in autumn .
a crowd of children is walking up a path in the countryside .
young children follow an old cement path .
a large group of middleschool aged children with backpacks walking on a paved hillside pathway .
several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
people examine the merchandise in a tent at a crafts fair .
a woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair .
people in a shop under a tent .
there is a man wearing a red shirt white shorts red shoes white socks and has long braided hair .
a vocalist sings into her microphone as she plays the electronic piano .
a woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light .
a woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone .
singer performing on stage with acoustics .
young women saying something into a microphone standing in from on a set of keyboards .
a little girl playing the guitar some flowers to the left .
a young girl plays the electric guitar on her bed .
a little girl sitting on a bed playing a guitar .
a young girl plays guitar by pink walls .
a young girl in a pink room tries to play a black electric guitar .
dog running on water with a frisbee in its mouth .
a dog holding a frisbee walking in the water .
a dog chasing a frisbee into the water .
a dog playing in the water .
a dog is running through the water with an orange object in its mouth .
a game of blocks between two people has ended because the blocks are falling .
a man playing a game like jenga on a kitchen table in a dining room .
a man in a green shirt watches as his jenga tower falls over .
a young man watches as a jenga tower tumbles .
a group of friends that were playing a stacking game before it came falling down .
middleaged man drinking mountain dew and eating a form of candy by a computer with geeky words in the background .
a man is leaning back in a chair drinking soda and eating .
a man being silly in the office while he eats his lunch .
a man drinking mountain dew next two a keyboard .
a man is holding a bottle of mountain dew to his mouth in a comical expression as a toy spider sits on his keyboard .
the blue team mustangs are on a fast break and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points .
a group of young girls are competing in a basketball game held at some sort of gymnasium .
an african american child runs after a basketball while in game with opponents .
a girl in blue chases the ball during an indoor basketball game .
an black female on team blue chases a basketball between one other female teammate and two female members of team white .
a girl in a pink dress and blue sparkly shoes stands on the grass holding a blue baseball bat .
a young preschool aged girl in a dress with blue shoes holding a blue bat .
one young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder .
a small girl is holding a wiffle ball bat outdoors .
a little girl wearing a mauve dress and blue sparkly shoes carries a big blue baseball bat .
a skateboarder moving extremely quickly attempting to turn while going down a hill .
an male in a white tshirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path .
someone skating boarding quickly down a road .
a young man in jean shorts is skateboarding .
a person wearing a blue helmet a tshirt and blue jean shorts is outside on a skateboard .
barbecue for three on the boardwalk overlooking the water .
three men are standing outside by the water .
three men having a picnic along the water .
three men eating by the beach .
three men stand next to the water preparing to grill .
two youths are jumping over a roadside railing at night .
boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
two guys jumping over a gate together .
two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
lady in blue gets popcorn while two ladies in headdress look at a cellphone .
two women in white headscarves read a text message in front of a busy store .
two women in headscarves sit on a bench in a small shop .
women sitting on a bench .
blue scooter with white helmet and two women sitting on bench looking at phone next to small shop .
a woman with no bra on and half naked posing next to a blue car .
a topless mannequin is photographed next to a blue car .
a seminude mannequin is posed in the window .
a mannequin behind a blue car .
a topless mannequin with a white skirt is being displayed in a window .
a news man is reporting in a local store about an event .
a man stands in front of a camera in a walmart store .
man in front of cameras being interviewed .
a news anchor is being filmed in a store .
the man in the jacket and tie is being interviewed in a warehouse retail store by the man in blue jeans .
a couple each wearing white tanktops sitting on a rock ledge of looking several mountains .
a man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock .
a man and woman sit on the rocky overlook .
a man and a woman sit on rocks .
a man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain .
swim meet showing one swimmer in action with line of others watching .
a swimmer is swimming from one side of the pool to the other .
a person is swimming in a pool possibly at a meet .
a swimmer is competing in a race .
a front view of a swimmer with his or her face in the water with people in the background standing out of the water .
a man doing window shopping for his shoes at a sports shop located in the city of angles .
a man in shorts and a baseball cap looks through the glass at play it again sports .
a man browses the store windows of a play it again sports store .
a man is standing outside a play it again sports store .
a man wearing a hat is walking past play it again sports and looking down at a sign in the window .
a man in a hat sitting at a bus stop on a laptop .
a person uses his or her laptop in a kiosk .
some is waiting at a bus stop station .
a man stands inside a bus stop .
the lined invisible wall surrounding a bench where a man with a laptop sits .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses a bottle and a bird on it .
an older woman is having drinks while being greeted by a small bird standing on the table .
older woman stares at a little bird at table covered with glasses .
an older woman has a drink and a little bird comes to join her .
person sitting at a table with many empty glasses and a mostly empty bottle on the table along with a small brown bird .
a woman is holding two toddlers one with an eye patch and trying to feed them .
two toddlers sit on their mothers lap while she feeds them .
a man is holding and feeding his two small children .
two toddlers sitting in moms lap .
a woman feeds a baby with curly brown hair while also holding a young blond child with a patch over one eye and glasses .
a woman wearing a mock ancient egyptian headdress .
the woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress .
a woman wears an egytianlike headdress .
a woman wears her glasses .
a woman wearing glasses large hoop earrings and a hooded piece on her head .
a woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street .
a woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling .
a woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike .
a girl riding a bike down the street .
a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag .
a man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food .
a man wearing a striped shirt eats some candy .
a man with a mustache eats a strawberry .
man in blue shirt eating a strawberry .
a married man in a blue checked shirt is eating a red berry .
a man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can .
a young man splashes in the water holding a canned soda .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall .
a man holding a can in a waterfall .
a man with a canned drink is standing under a waterfall .
a girl with a gray tank top standing in front of a carnival ride .
girl in black pants amp gray tank is looking kind of worried .
a woman is standing in front of an amusement park ride .
a woman in a gray shirt is at the carnival .
girl with a gray tank top and black pants standing by a carnival ride .
a man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd .
the man is talking into the microphone while playing the guitar .
a man with black hair and a guitar waves while on stage .
a man with a guitar is waving .
a musician with a guitar on stage in front of a microphone gesturing to the crowd with the drummer in the background .
a woman in a brown sweatshirt and jeans is taking a picture of a guy with a beard while another woman texts on her phone nearby .
a woman in a brown jacket taking a picture near two other people .
three people stand on a city street while one takes a photo .
a bearded man having his picture taken in a plaza .
three on the street one lady pointing a camera the man holding a shopping bag the other lady is standing on the pole looking at a list .
two women with shopping bags talk to each other next to a red railing .
two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
two women carrying shopping bags converse on a pedestrian bridge .
young women taking a break from shopping .
two women holding shopping bags are standing outside having a conversation .
young men look up to the sky in anger while one prepares to throw a brick .
a group of people stand in the street and look up into the sky .
a group of young men throwing rocks in a foreign country .
a group of men and boys look upwards at something .
male youths in drab clothing stare at something above them with an arabic sign in the background .
a man wearing a helmet and lifevest kayaking in the water .
a man in a yellow kayak with the water rushing around him .
a man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids .
a young man is kayaking in very rough waters .
a man wearing a safety helmet and a red and black life vest is piloting his yellow wave sport kayak in rough waters .
a man riding a bmx bike is attempting a bicycle trick in a skate park .
a young man in a plaid shirt is popping a wheelie with his bike .
a young man is jumping his bike at a skate park .
man performing a trick on his bike .
a man dressed in a backwards baseball hat and skate shoes is on a mini bike and doing an olly at a skate park .
white man with blondhair standing outside next to a cement mixer .
a man with short blondhair stares at a cement mixer .
man in working clothes operates a rotating drum .
a man working with cement in construction .
a blond man stands next to a cement mixer with mountains in the background .
two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat .
four young men look out at the water from the deck of their boat .
two men and two boys look over the deck of a boat .
four boys looking out from a boat .
two young men and two boys are sitting down on a boat next to an anchor and watching the water .
a man wearing a helmet is looking in the bed of his red truck that is parked in a parking near a fence .
a man in a hard hat looks in the bed of a red truck parked in front of a building frame .
a man in jeans looking in the back of his truck for something .
a worker arriving at the job site .
a red ford pick up truck parked against a wire fence with a man in white hard hat and construction boots looking inside the trucks flatbed .
a band of two men playing guitars and two women are on stage .
people are playing instruments and singing on a stage .
band members are performing music at a concert .
musicians are performing a rock concert .
two men playing guitar on stage with two female background singers .
a woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
a dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
a cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade .
a woman in red and white poses in a parade .
a young girl wearing a colorful outfit dancing down the street in a performance .
a gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates .
people are sitting around a table with colorful bowls and plates .
a family at a table with colorful plates getting ready to eat .
a group of people is sitting together at a long table .
happy people enjoy each others company at a table full of empty dishes while they wait for a meal to be served .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
a brown and white dog is running with its mouth open .
a brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
a brown and white dog running on grass .
a brown and white pitbull running in the grass with its mouth open .
a quarterback is looking to set up a pass from the end zone while a teammate provides some blocking .
a football player blocks someone from the other team so his teammate can pass the ball down the field .
a quarterback is pressured to throw the ball as quickly as possible to avoid being sacked .
a quarterback is about to throw a pass from the end zone in a football game .
a uh football player 15 stands near the edge of the field ready to throw the ball while his teammate blocks an opponent .
in this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog .
a man gets ready to throw a stick for his waiting dog .
brown dog jumps while man holds a stick up high .
a man is holding a stick beside a jumping dog .
a man stands with his arm up in the air holding a stick while a dog jumps up .
a man supports his entire body weight with one hand on a wooden floor .
a man does a one handed handstand on a hardwood floor .
a man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move .
one man in a room during the day doing a handstand .
a person in a large open room with a wooden floor balances on just one hand .
a child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
a child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
a childs legs while squeezing through a dog door .
a kid climbs through a small door .
a child wearing gray shorts and pinkbottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
the wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
a large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
a dog catches black frisbee .
dog running with toy .
a brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth .
a black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep .
a wolflike dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm .
a sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
a dog in near a herd of sheep .
a black and white dog is herding a group of sheep on a dusty road .
a group of muslim men lined up praying in an urban area .
a group of people on their knees praying .
multiple people kneeling on the ground .
muslim men are praying in the street .
a group of people kneel in fetal position with their shoes off on a dirty street .
a performer wearing stilts which are covered by her white pants is walking in a parade .
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail probably practicing new dance moves .
there is a woman in all white on stilts walking down a boardwalk .
a parade in which there is a woman dressed in white on stilts .
a woman on stilts is wearing white pants white gloves and a white halter top as she stands in front of others on a busy pedestrian street .
a man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
the young man looks into the fountain on a sunny day .
a man leans over into a fountain .
a man stares at bricks .
a man in brown jacket and blue cap is washing a black jacket in fountain .
a bald man standing to the side of a tshirt display .
bald white men stands in a shop with many shirts .
an elderly man is standing in a tshirt shop .
a businessman is hard at work .
a man in a white shirt is standing in a tshirt booth .
two young girls jumping up to reach a volleyball during an indoor volleyball game .
two volleyball players against the net trying to block a shot from the other team .
a group of girls are playing netball .
three girls playing volleyball .
a woman from the green volleyball team hit the ball as the white team is trying to block it .
a couple and their baby are looking at food through a glass window at a store .
a young man and a woman carrying a toddler and browsing an outdoor food shop .
a young couple with child shops at a small sandwich and coffee shop .
a family is standing at the counter of an outdoor sandwich shop .
a man and woman with a child are looking through the windows of a shop that sells at least sandwiches .
girl standing in the back of trailer smiling as she moves hay .
a teenage girl in athletic clothing stands in a truck bed .
a lady wearing shorts and a green shirt is smiling .
a lady in a green shirt is doing yard work .
a woman with a neon yellow shirt is standing in the back of a trailer holding a gardening tool with hay around her .
a backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building .
a yellow backhoe is tearing down a brick building .
something gets knocked down by a bulldozer .
a house is being demolished .
there is a man wearing construction gear standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris .
some caucasian athletes are relaxing on a field .
five cricket players are lounging on the grass .
the players are resting after a hard game .
six men sit together on the green grass .
five men wearing white overalls are lounging in the middle of a grassy field .
a badminton player dressed in red and yellow at the london 2012 olympics leaps in the air as she plays the game .
a woman dressed in a red yellow and blue uniform in midair during a badmitten game .
a lady is competing for the olympics tennis match by trying to hit the ball in midair .
a chinese woman playing in the olympics holding a racket .
a tennis player is competing in the london 2012 olympics and is leaping off the ground while swinging the racket .
a baseball player in a white uniform is throwing the ball to another player at a base .
a ball thrown to first base is mid flight between two players .
a player throws a ball and other tries to catch it .
two men playing baseball .
a baseball infielder is throwing the ball to a player standing on a base with his right foot .
a boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch .
little kids play in the water while their friend poses on top of their raft .
a kid wearing safety gear stands on some material in the water .
a boy balances on something inflatable .
there are two children in the water and one balancing on a float and they are all wearing helmets .
a person with a blue shirt and pants sitting on a bench outside .
a young man sits on a bench in a downtown setting .
a man sits beside parked cars on a city street .
a woman is sitting on a bench by stores .
red stone sidewalk lined by buildings and parked cars with a person sitting on a bench .
a brown dog drinks from a body of water .
a brown dog steps into murky water .
a dog putting his legs into a pond .
a dog getting into some water .
a brown dog is starting to walk into water .
three women wearing bright yellow caps clap their hands while standing on a crosswalk .
three women wearing neon baseball caps and heart tshirt are cheering .
a group of women is the same white shirt are in the street .
three women clap and sing at a crosswalk .
three women wearing matching shirts and hats are standing in the street clapping and cheering .
a group of children running in the grass .
a group of children in a field .
kids play soccer on a field .
kids running in the field .
a bunch of kids run on a school play field .
2 guys and a woman riding on a subway watching something funny .
a sitting woman is laughing beside a man in a blue jacket .
a man and a woman riding a train .
three people seated on a subway .
woman in a black jacket with silver glasses smiles while on a subway .
a grayhaired man in a striped shirt is lecturing at a podium .
a whitehaired man is staring at a metal rod .
a man is standing at a desk about to speak .
a man is conducting an orchestra .
a whitehaired older man in a green striped shirt is conducting in the social sciences building .
kids are playing in the ocean on sunny day at the beach .
two boys in the middistance play in the sea .
two people are in the ocean .
kids playing in the ocean .
a man is in the ocean posing with his arms up in the air .
the girl in the white hat is pointing at something and smiling .
a little girl in a blue dress points at something and smiles .
a picture being taken above two little foreign girls .
the girl in the blue dress and hat is smiling .
one young girl in a white hat and a blue dress and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling .
a young person wearing a gray shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river .
a boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs .
the boy in yellow shorts leaps from riverbank towards the river .
a medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek .
person in yellow shorts gray shirt with logo jumping from bank into the water .
a man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
a person doing a handstand in front of others .
a boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
a boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt .
a man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch .
two women in skirts are standing next to a structure made of stone .
two young women are talking in a city street at night .
a couple at standing at the corner embracing .
two girls in heels stand on a street corner .
one girl comforts another girl both in short skirts and tank tops standing next to a stone building .
a woman carrying shopping bags stops at the meat counter of her grocery store .
a woman is viewing fresh meats and seafood at a deli in a grocery store .
a hungry looking woman is trying to decide what to get from the deli .
a woman resting her bags .
a middleaged woman is standing in front of and looking into a meat display case in a supermarket .
black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts .
black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards .
black dog climbs over fence in grassy area .
a dog jumps over a log in the woods .
a large black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes .
two young lacrosse players battle for possession of the ball .
two young boys playing lacrosse run for the lacrosse ball .
two young boys are playing lacrosse .
two young kids playing lacrosse .
two players wearing white uniforms are playing a sports game and trying to score .
a woman in a white top and blue skirt looking at makeup .
a woman in a blue skirt browsing cosmetics at a store .
woman in heels and skirt looking at products .
a woman is choosing a perfume .
a woman wearing a blue skirt and white tank top examines a makeup counter in a store .
three women offer bags of food to a man in a blue hoodie who takes it from them into the truck .
a man in a blue beanie and blue sweater is handing a woman in a brown jacket a plastic bag .
three women are picking up groceries and food items from the back of a truck .
a man in a blue sweatshirt passes a bag of food to a woman in a brown jacket .
three women taking food items given to them from a man in a blue jacket from the back of a truck .
three older men stare into the pan of a street vendor who is cooking fish .
three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
a fish sellers stock is looked upon by two old men .
three men watch as fish is being prepared .
a young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch one a man a cigarette or match in his month .
a woman holds a sign next to the street that reads honk to indict bush .
a woman is holding a sign that says honk to indict bush .
a woman is holding a picket sign on a sidewalk .
a woman holding a propaganda sign .
a woman in white shorts is standing with a sign that says honk to indict bush .
a tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it .
two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
two tan dogs running along a concrete path together .
two dogs run down the road .
two dogs one white and one brown run along side each other near a grassy field .
a man getting his photo taken while he is giving a radio interview .
a photographer taking a picture of two men in front of a banner .
men getting ready for sxswo to go live on the air .
a radio host having his picture taken .
two men play music at the south by southwest music festival while another man photographs them .
punk musician with a guitar pouts at the camera from his position on the stage .
a young musician performs in front of a skyline .
a band is playing music on stage in the city .
a man plays guitar in an outside theater .
a young white male wearing sunglasses and a white tank top is playing a black bass guitar on an outdoor stage in front of a city skyline with amplifiers light scaffolding and a drummer off to the far right .
a man looks at the camera as he holds a small soldering iron near a magnifying glass and circuit board .
a man is looking at the camera as he is about to solder something on a computer chip .
a guy fixing a computer part turning to look at the one who is taking his picture .
a man with glasses is soldering something .
a young man with glasses whos working on a electronic panel takes a peek on person who photographs him .
a man in a skull cap is walking down a narrow city alley with a white stick .
a man is carrying a white pole next to a big fan on the side of the road .
a man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on .
a man with a gray shirt is walking through an alley .
a man in a gray shirt and gray hat opens his store early in the morning in an asian city .
a man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
a man and a woman looking over a balcony at an elegant building .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building .
a man and woman stand at a balcony looking at each other .
a man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony .
a number 56 red racing car is speeding left past the frame .
a bright red race car is speeding past .
man driving a race car competitively .
a man in a red go kart is racing .
a red race car with the number 56 is driving along a racetrack .
a man stands near a boat and holds a net while another boat is on the water in the background .
three black men standing next to their fishing boat that is docked on the water .
three men putting items on their blue boat .
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .
three or two fishermen are standing next to a very bright aqua colored boat with yellow detail that has buoys ropes and nets and an identical boat with people in the water in the distance .
two men are sitting on a bench in a room and the man in the green shirt has his legs stretched out .
two man one wearing a gray shirt one wearing a green shirt are in a log cabin .
in the sauna two younger men relax in the heat and steam .
two guys sitting in a sauna .
2 male camp counselors relax during afternoon free time for their youth as the director speaks of the upcoming evening activities .
band on a stage playing instruments and singing while crowd watches .
a crowd of people watch a music band that is under a tent .
people watching a lively concert under an orange tent .
a band plays music while a man dances .
an ethnic band including a dancer singer a violinist and a dancing pair perform in front of an audience on a brightly decorated stage .
there are several young ethnic young men all dressed alike doing a dance together around a fire with onlookers .
a group of shirtless natives are dancing the night away next to a fire .
multiple men in black and white plaid cloth dancing around a torch .
men are dancing to a traditional beat .
a group of young asian men who are sans shirts and wearing identical black and white plaid pants with red belts are dancing and waving their arms in the air around a fire .
a man wearing a sailor hat looks intently at the sand on the shore as the water recedes .
a woman wearing a white hat and shirt stands near debris on wet sand near the water .
an elderly person picked up trash on a beach .
a man stands on the shore of a beach .
a man is bending overlooking at something on the beach with a bag and stick in his hand .
a group of people are in a sculpture gallery studying a large block object .
a group of men and women who are looking at art in a art show .
a number of people stand around talking at an art gallery .
a group of professionals are examining art exhibits .
a group of people standing in a large white room looking at large pieces of stone .
several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named dahlak .
a group of people standing under an umbrella at a coffee table .
stopping at a table with umbrella on a city sidewalk .
a group of people standing around a table outside .
a small group of people are standing in front of a store under an umbrella that is covered in a red tablecloth .
a college male volleyball player wearing orange hits the ball over the net .
a volleyball player is punching the ball over the net .
a volleyball player striking a volleyball .
a white man playing volleyball .
the volleyball player reaches up with his fist to knock back the approaching ball .
two men are sitting on a couch conversing with one another .
two men with black hair talking on a couch .
two indian men have a conversation .
two men are sitting on a couch .
two young men siting on a wooden couch are talking to one another .
a young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing .
a couple laughing and having a good time .
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .
a man and woman sitting and laughing .
a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person laughing .
a man wearing glasses sits in the backseat of a car and plays a guitar while looking out the window .
an asian man playing a black guitar in the backseat of a car .
a man in the backseat of a moving car is playing a guitar .
a guy is playing his guitar in the backseat of a car .
asian man wearing glasses and a sweater plays acoustic guitar in the backseat of car while driving on a twolane road .
a young boy plays on a playground piece shaped like a seahorse .
a toddler is riding a fake horse in a park .
a toddler boy rides the playground horse .
a child playing on a plastic horse .
a small child with a shaved head is riding a bouncy seahorse in the park .
a man has a serving spoon in his hand and is looking at a large dish of food .
a man is holding a big spoon and looking at a very large platter of food .
a man eats from a large serving dish of yellow food .
a young man dishing up food from a large pan .
a man is holding a utensil and is getting ready to dig into a plate filled with food .
woman climbing a cliff in a rural area .
a woman rockclimbs in a rural area .
a woman rockclimbing on a cliff .
a woman climbs up a cliff .
a woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures .
a woman wearing a striped shirt is looking at a mannequin holding up a necklace in a store window .
a woman in a striped shirt looking at necklaces and other jewelry at a market stall .
a woman in a striped shirt is being shown a necklace .
one woman is showing another woman a necklace .
a young woman wearing a black and white striped shirt looks at a necklace that another woman is holding up .
three people are standing on stage and two of the people watch the other person play the trumpet .
3 men on stage wearing black shirts one with long hair is playing the trumpet .
two men watch another play on a brass bugle .
a person playing a trumpet in a band .
a couple of guys on a stage one is playing a instrument while the other two are standing around .
a group of middleaged people with laptops and notebooks are paying attention to something .
a classroom full of students with laptop computers .
several people at a table with laptops .
a group of people using laptops .
a group of people in mostly casual dress meet at an lshaped table with laptops and notebooks .
a white baby boy crying over a tipped over toy .
crying baby in a blue shirt and white pants .
a baby with blondhair crying or yelling .
a toddler in a blue shirt is crying .
a baby is crying while holding on to the side of a crib .
a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other .
men in colorful shirts show camaraderie after a bicycle race .
a group of bicyclist having their arms around each other .
cyclists await the start of a race .
competitors getting ready to compete in a grand opening event hosted by the chief executive .
a man in a black graphic tshirt wearing a white towel across the bottom portion of his face .
a man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
a man in a black shirt has a white towel covering his face .
a man with a bandanna covering his face .
a man with a white rag over the lower portion of his face wearing a black shirt that looks to be bleeding or have blood on the rag .
a dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest .
a dog jumps across the snowy ground .
a dog runs through a snowy field .
dog running through the snow .
the gray and white dog is running through the snow .
old man with white hair and white tshirt looking at a sculpture .
an old man in a white shirt is standing in front of a sculpture .
a man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress .
the man with glasses is looking at a sculpture .
blond male sculptor working on a abstract art sculpture in studio .
an elderly woman wearing a hat has several bags with a chair on top of them .
an elderly asian women pushes a cart with bags on it through the street .
an old woman standing near bags of things .
the old people working so much .
an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .
a child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
the boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
a young boy leaps off a swing .
a boy jumping off a swing .
a boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough .
in a old urban house a old middle eastern man sows together a striped purple and light blue cloth on a wooden table .
an old man with a white hat sews a shirt with a sewing machine in a dilapidated room .
an elderly black man using a sewing machine on a shirt .
a man mends some clothing on an old sewing machine .
an elderly man wearing a white knit cap and gray shirt is sewing a striped piece of fabric on an industrial sewing machine .
a man holding a piece of bread or pretzel in a food case window .
a man wearing a white work coat is arranging soft pretzels .
a street vendor is gathering bread and pretzels to sell .
a man stacks ringshaped bread in a display case .
a middle eastern looking dude is stuck in a glass cage filled with pretzels .
a man in his 40ts smiling as he drinks a drink .
a man wearing a pink shirt is enjoying a drink .
a man wearing a jacket is having a drink .
a man in a plaid jacket is drinking beer .
a man in a pink shirt is spotted drinking a beer .
a man in jean shorts is plugging a cord into a wall .
two men stand in front of a wall with spots .
two men are standing and one has a hose .
two men are busy doing something .
a man works with a cord while near an oddly decorated fence .
four people in a vegetation field background appears to be in india .
three indian women and one man stand are working together .
some people farming out in their field .
four people are farming in a field .
indian people work in a field on a sunny day while dressed in an array of colors .
a girl wearing green is trying to hit a colorful pinata and there is a man in the back watching her .
a girl with green hair is hitting a pinata with a stick while a man dressed in green looks on .
a woman with green hair is swinging at a pinata .
blindfolded woman attempts to hit a pinata .
a blindfolded woman with green hair attempts to hit a pinata with a stick while a man dressed in green watches .
a mechanic is working on the underside of a bus that is lifted .
a mechanic in blue coveralls works on a bus .
a bus being worked on by a mechanic .
a mechanic working on a bus .
a man in a blue work uniform is working on a blue bus on a lift .
a woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city .
a woman with a headscarf on is riding a bike .
a woman is riding a red bike .
a woman riding a bicycle .
a woman is riding a bicycle down a sidewalk in a market district with cars parked behind her .
a man in a blue shirt is pushing another man in a white shirt during football practice .
a football player pushes a weight sled across the football field .
two africanamerican men workout on a football field .
a boy pushing a weight resistor .
a younger gentleman is pushing a football training device on a football field while a gentleman somewhat older stands on the device for added weight .
at a concert two men look on while another takes a photo .
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .
the crowd is gathering for an event at best buy .
a man takes a picture in a crowd .
two men in a crowd are turned around taking a picture together while a concert is going on in the background .
a man in a white shirt is sitting on two chairs in a boat .
a woman in shorts is sitting on a row of black chairs .
a woman is sitting on a boat reading her book .
a girl reading and sunning on a boat deck .
a guy with sunglasses is sitting on a boat ferry in the sun .
a man in a yellow shirt vacuums a floor while looking at the camera .
one man cleaning a small office with a portable vacuum cleaner .
the janitor is vacuuming the floor to make it ready for the day .
a guy vacuuming his room .
a bald man in an orange shirt and jeans is vacuuming an office carpet with a carryalong canister vacuum .
a younger woman and older man are running on treadmills next to each other .
a younger woman and older man run on treadmills .
an older man and woman exercise on treadmills .
two people running on a treadmill inside .
woman and older man are walking sidebyside on treadmills in a fitness room .
a man in hiking gear walking across a shallow waterfall .
a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .
a hiker walking near a waterfall .
hiker crossing a waterfall .
a person with a white hat and a red backpack stands in a running stream .
a young girl on a train reads a book about train rides .
a little girl looking at a brochure on train rides .
child sitting down looking at train ride brochure .
a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands .
a young girl sits on a seat and looks at a train pamphlet .
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him .
the lead singer from a band is holding a microphone and both hands up in the air against a purple background .
a male singer is raising his arms and pointing at the crowd with a mic in his hand .
a singer shining under the lights on a stage .
a shirtless young man standing under purple lighting points to the sky with both hands while holding a microphone in one hand .
an asian man in a brown hat hold a yellow folder .
a man in a brown hat is standing up in a group .
a man wearing a blue jacket is writing .
a man in a hat is writing .
an asian man in a warehouse is talking and writing on a clipboard .
two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert .
two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field .
two dogs play out in the snow covered grass .
two dogs run through a snowpatched desert .
two brown dogs trot along frozen ground in a rural setting .
football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
the red and white football team is talking with the officials .
a football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
football players gather around the referees .
oklahoma university football players in front of a crowd of sooners fans and next to three referees .
a dozen soccer players in black uniforms stand in a line on a grassy field their breaths visible in the cold air .
a sports team dressed in black lines up at a white line on the grass .
soccer players wearing black shirts standing along the goal line .
a mens soccer team on the sidelines catching their breath .
a soccer team dressed in all black are gathered together on a soccer field where it is cold enough to see ones own breath .
a man with a beard amp glasses is sleeping on public transportation while wearing a funny cap .
a man in a pink green and yellow hat lined with fur closes his eyes on a subway .
a man in a green hat dozes while riding the train .
a man asleep on a subway car .
a bearded man with hornrimmed eyeglasses and an outlandish knit cap naps on a busy subway train .
three males are sitting while 2 of them have beers on a table .
three guys are sitting around a stand with two beers on it .
three young men lounge while drinking beer from bottles .
three men in a living room having a discussion .
three men two wearing white shirts one wearing blue sitting in chairs around a table drinking a few beers .
a woman in a red dress is standing next to a girl looking at water .
an old woman and a young girl are standing on the deck of a boat .
the grandmother and her granddaughter are looking at the sea .
two people look off the side of the boat .
white female looking at the water with small child holding onto the rail .
the red flag in the march is next to the person in a green jacket .
the people are marching through the street .
crowd of people walking in the street .
people are walking in the street .
a large crowd of people are congregated at the end of the street in a city .
a man wearing a striped shirt smiles and points as he holds a bunch of necklaces .
a man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling .
a guy in a striped shirt is pointing and smiling .
a man points and smiles while carrying items .
a man smiling while pointing his finger and hes holding boxes in his hand and beds over his arm .
a vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
a jeep tries driving over a rocky hill .
a white jeep in the dirt in the woods .
monster truck rides through dirt field .
an off road vehicle climbs over a dirt hill .
men looking at a large cylinder shaped generator .
two men stand near a piece of large machinery .
men looking at a big piece of machinery .
men working on a cylinder in a factory .
two factory workers are having a conversation next to a piece of machinery .
a man pouring something on the ground with two other men in the background .
a man is pouring grain from a sifter onto a very colorful blanket .
barefoot grain workers sift grain on colored tarp .
a man sprinkling the corn on the ground .
a man in a hat and shorts is shaking what looks like peanut shells on colorful striped fabric .
men in white hard hats and orange vests are working on a wall .
these men are resurfacing the wall in the subway .
construction workers repair walls of a subway .
workers in the london underground .
a bunch of construction worker in orange working on a train station .
multiple walls and decks filled with different kind of writings .
a stairway with graffiti in yellow red and white .
graffiti covers most open space in this picture .
a brown building with graffiti on it .
picture is of the inside of an abandoned building and has name graffiti on it .
a man in glasses and a black shirt reaches into a bowl while watching two animated characters dancing on television .
a man in a dark hat and glasses is reaching into a bowl on a table filled with various bowls .
a bald man watches television during christmas time while eating candy .
a man is watching tv and eating candy .
man watching cartoons on television with the arm of a second person across from him reaching for candy in a dish and a christmas tree in the background .
a soccer player in a red uniform goes after the ball fending off a player in white .
two soccer players one in red the other in white racing towards a soccer ball .
two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .
two football players chase after a the ball .
two soccer players one wearing a white uniform and the other in red try to reach the soccer ball first .
a woman in a yellow shirt with bright orange hair dispenses from a beer tap .
one woman with redhair and sunglasses serving a beer from the tap .
a smiling redhaired woman wearing an orange dress serves beer .
a lady with an orange shirt and redhair is bartending .
a lady with orange hair and a yellow tshirt is pouring a glass of draft beer .
a man with a mustache face paint and a matching red hat and shirt is playing the violin .
a masked man plays a violin while wearing a silky red outfit and hat .
an older gentleman with face paint is playing the violin .
a man in red is playing the violin .
a man whose face has been painted silver with white stripes plays the violin while dressed in a red cloak and hat .
two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
two black dogs playing in the grass .
two black dogs fight in a field .
two black dogs collide .
two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
a man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer .
a man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
a man and a police officer talk to each other .
a man and a guard laugh together .
a businessman and a security guard are smiling and talking outside a glass building .
a man in white holds up a red ball over a cricket wicket .
a pitcher prepares to throw a ball on a green field .
a pitcher standing at the mound is making a throw .
amen on a baseball field catching the ball .
a man in a white uniform who is the pitcher about to thrown the ball .
a little girl wearing an orange and white dress is being taught how to ride her greencolored bicycle by her father .
a man with a hat and sunglasses walking with a little girl riding a bike .
a man walks along side a young girl riding a bicycle .
older man guiding a young child on a bike .
a girl in an orange and white dress riding a green bike with training wheels while a man in a light tshirt and pants walks by .
men working along side a fish and chips restaurant with a dump truck .
street crews resurface a road next to a fish and chips shop .
road paving outside of a place that serves fish and chips .
construction workers working on the road .
two workers are working with heavy duty machines near a fish and chip sign .
a boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand .
a young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball .
young boy plays ball on the beach .
kid guards face from soccer ball .
the little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him .
a coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress .
two men at a little league baseball game talking on the field .
two man are talking inside the baseball playing area .
two men talking on a baseball diamond .
a man wearing a black shirt and a man wearing a blue shirt are standing on a baseball field with kids and a fence behind them .
a bmx rider performs an aerial trick off of a jump in an urban environment .
male in the air on a bmx bicycle after having launched off a ramp .
a bicyclist uses an improvised ramp to catch air .
a man jumps off a ramp while riding a bicycle .
a teenager jumps his bicycle over a ramp in front of a creamcolored apartment building .
brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
a puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
a dog is chewing on a metal pole .
brown puppy biting pole .
a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground .
four men relax outside of a truck some of them drinking coffee .
four black men taking a break by a suv .
four workers are taking a break .
four men talking by a truck .
four men two in work cloths are relaxing and taking a rest break .
a man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
a man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
a large man sits in a military accessories store .
veteran shows off different things from a war .
a man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
a blond girl with a graphic tshirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn .
teenage girl volunteering to help with some dirty work .
a blond girl wearing work gloves bushes a wheelbarrow .
blond woman in black tshirt pushes wheelbarrow .
white female with long blondhair black shirt with pirate slogan and blue jeans pulls a black wheelbarrow in the woods .
there is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air .
a large crowd of people jumps with their hands in the air on a green lawn .
a large group of people are throwing their hands up in excitement .
a crowd of adults in a park setting is celebrating .
a bunch of tourists out taking photos or a family reunion photograph with a whole bunch of people by some cut out people and trees with their hands up in the air like they are jumping .
soldier sitting on top of jeep holding a machine gun and soldier sitting inside .
a member of the military that is holding a gun and sitting on top of a vehicle .
two men in full battle dress one on top and the other one inside of a jeep .
a soldier is sitting on top a jeep .
attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .
a man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting .
a man in blue shirt falling asleep by a bike in front of red bricks .
a grayhaired man is sitting outside talking on the phone .
older man in blue shirt rest on a bench .
man seated with his chin in his palm with a bicycle leaning on a wall in the background .
a man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a big wave .
a surfer is riding a large wave .
a man in a wetsuit surfing .
two surfers ride a wave .
two surfers catch the same huge wave in the ocean .
a woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train .
a woman in a blue shirt reads a newspaper while riding on a train .
a man and woman are sitting on a train looking to the right .
two passengers on a train gaze out window to their left .
a woman is reading a newspaper and a boy is resting his head on a seat in a rail car .
a man wearing an orange safety vest writes in a pda while standing next to a train .
a black man in an orange safety vest consults a handheld computer at a train yard .
a man with an orange vest next to a train works with a handheld device .
man in an orange vest using electronic device while red bus passes by .
the train worker checks to make sure that everything is okay before the train leaves the station .
young woman in gray shirt and cream sweater eats a hotdog .
a woman in blue glasses and a white sweater is eating .
an asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner .
an asian woman in glasses eats .
a woman with short dark hair sitting at a round white table eating lunch .
the elderly gentleman in public is reading a book on the bench .
a man sitting on a bench in front of a bust shopping area .
man in gray jacket sitting on bench reading a book .
man in jacket reading on a bench .
an older man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk reading a book .
two young girls and an old man with gray hair and beard are opening christmas presents .
a man and two women sitting near a couch together .
an older man sitting between two young women .
a family at christmas time opening presents .
an elderly man with thinning gray hair and a gray beard is sitting with two younger women looking at gifts .
a child is crying in a low cut field with a drainage pipe nearby .
a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .
the young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
baby by sewer drain cries .
a young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background .
a group of women wearing kimonos talk together .
a group of asian women are talking in an airport .
a group of older asian women talking .
ladies talking in an airport .
five women in dresses standing in a lobby talking .
a man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
a man rides a yellow surfboard .
a man surfs on a yellow board .
surfer on long yellow board .
a man in white shorts and a wetsuit top is riding on a bright yellow surfboard .
a male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
a hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain .
the man is hiking up a grassy mountainside .
a man hikes up a huge mountain .
hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain .
an older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land .
a man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .
a man walking in a brown field with an airplane in the background .
a man is walking outside while a airplane flies by .
a man in a brown hat and black vest is walking across an empty field while a small airplane is taking off along side him .
two men dressed in dark clothing sitting and conversing with each other .
man in spotted shirts chats with another man outside at night .
two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences .
two men chatting in the evening .
two guys seem to be discussing something in front of a building that looks to have a rather eastern facade .
two men are looking at a piece of machinery outdoors .
two men working on a small engine on a dirt road .
a old man and a youth work on starting a tiller .
a man and a boy are working on equipment .
a young boy with black hair and tiedyed shirt and jeans and an older man balding with a longsleeved dark shirt and jeans working on lawn equipment .
two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field .
the two dogs are fighting outside in the snow .
two dogs playing on snow covered ground .
two brown dogs playing in snow .
a brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land .
an overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .
a fat man in a blue hooding using his macbook on a park bench .
overweight man in sweatshirt on his laptop outside .
a man sitting outside using his mac laptop .
a man in a blue sweatshirt sitting with his legs spread out on a steel platform using his laptop .
a tennis match is in progress with ball chasers on the sidelines with an audience in the background .
a game of tennis is shown with one of the female players about to hit the ball .
a woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball .
two boys are ready to receive a ball at a tennis match .
the ball boys are waiting on the side lines of the tennis court while they watch the lady hitting the ball .
a person on a dirty 4 wheeler driving through the dirt .
man on atv is making a large cloud of dust .
a quad rider kicking up dust in the jungle .
a man riding an atv in dirt .
a person wearing a helmet and riding suit is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land .
a man wearing a hard hat is working on a construction site atop a wall .
a construction worker drilling a whole in the top of a concrete wall .
a construction worker building walls with a drill .
a male is building a wall .
a man in a yellow construction hat with a tool bag on his back is drilling a wall labeled superior walls .
a person in a red white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
a person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump .
a cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
a person in midair on a yellow motorcycle .
a motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
a group of young people in bright clothing stand on the steps of a building .
children and women gather outside a building .
group of children posed on outside patio .
group of muslim girls standing .
a large group of what appear to be indian women and children stand for a photo outside of a building .
a man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background .
a barbecue with at least two attendants in an undisclosed location .
three men are cooking food outdoors .
a man is making food on the grill .
two very large white guys with a african american man cooking sausages at a barbecue .
a team of male construction workers are carrying a beam .
men in orange vests work together to lift an object .
five construction workers are working on a project .
men in bright orange vests holding a heavy object .
six male workers four with safety vests are lifting a long object .
a little boy pours sand from a shovel into a pail .
a young child in a blue shirt is playing with sand .
a boy plays with sand near green grass .
a young boy shovels sand into a mold .
a young boy in a blue shirt pours sand from one container to another .
a blond man in a black shirt and shorts sitting at a table eating with a glass of wine .
a man in a black shirt eating his meal on a round table .
a man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating .
a man having a meal on a table outside .
a blond man in a black shirt and tan shorts is eating ribs and drinking red wine outdoors at a wooden table .
several people waiting outside a train station .
a photo of a train platform on a chilly day .
a bunch of people at a train station .
a train station says tychy miasto .
people are boarding two yellow and blue trains .
the woman stands outdoors next to a child in a swing .
a child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman .
woman standing with a child on a swing .
an adult smiles with a child on a swing .
a young woman watches as a young blond boy swings in a chair swing with buildings visible in the background .
this young lady is wearing a short dress standing on the sidewalk .
a woman on a city street takes a photo while people walk by .
a woman in a dress waits outside a liquor store .
people are strolling across some stores .
in the city a lady and man are on their phone while an indian couple pass by .
a man in blue jeans and a white shirt sitting on a orange and yellow bench .
a man in sandals sits on yellow and orange seats on public transit .
a man sits with his head down on a subway .
a depressed man sitting on a subway train .
a man in a white shirt blue jeans and opentoed sandals is sitting on a subway seat .
a man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat .
a man in a suit and a cat resting on a red couch .
a man sits on a red sofa next to a cat .
the photo is too dark to make out .
a man wearing tan pants is sitting on a red couch inside a house .
someone walks past an open grocery store at night .
eden farm groceries offers free delivery .
a man walking in front of a store .
a store is open at nighttime .
a man wearing a blue ball cap is walking past the eden farm store at night .
three physically fit young bikini clad women playing volleyball in which one is attempting to score and one is attempting to block .
two women are jumping while playing volleyball on the beach .
several women are playing a game of beach volleyball .
three woman play beach volleyball .
two women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball one jumping in the air serving the ball the other jumping to receive the serve while a third women crouches to hit the ball if necessary .
two men are walking down a city street at night while wearing some sort of uniforms .
two men in blue uniforms and hats along with white boots are walking along a street .
two well dressed men are walking down a busy street .
a nighttime scene of a busy brick road in england .
two men in navy blue uniforms with navy captains hats and white boots are walking down a small brick busy street at night .
a woman in a pink shirt approaches a mobile coffee vendor .
a girl in pink stands in front of a mud coffee truck .
women in pink in front of an iced coffee drink truck .
a young woman is ordering from a red food truck .
a woman with black pants a pink longsleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at muds food truck looking at the menu .
a basketball player wearing white dribbles the ball while being guarded by another player in a black uniform .
two male basketball players are playing a competitive game while the referee is standing behind watching .
two men playing in a basketball game against each other .
a small image used to signify a broken web image link .
two basketball players one in black and red and one in blue and white playing a game with the ref and crowd in the background .
two children are standing next to each other in front of a wall that has photographs on it .
two asian boys holding plastic dished of food looking directly into the camera .
two little boys holding up there bowls of food for the camera .
two children standing beside each other holding bowls of food .
two small asian children are each holding containers of food at chest level in front of themselves .
a man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall .
two people stand against a wall after a workout .
a man and a woman resting after exercise .
a man and a woman relaxing after a workout .
there is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him .
a man chiseling wood holding a pencil behind his right ear .
a man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear .
a man using a small chisel to do woodworking .
a man is carving a piece of rectangular wood .
a carpenter with a pencil on his ear seriously doing his carpentry work .
a group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
jockeys are riding their horses down the track .
jockeys racing horses down a grass track .
a horse race on a grass track .
a group of horses and riders are playing polo on the grass .
man makes vulgar gesture to the camera while the others around him eat .
a group of men are seated around a table and eating .
a group eating lunch on break .
people are eating a table .
people eating at a table and one of them is giving the finger to the camera .
a man at a track event grimaces in the middle of a polevaulting attempt .
a man wearing a white shirt and black shorts in competing in pole vault .
a pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole .
a pole vault athlete getting to get up to pass the bar .
a male athlete is just about to launch his body with a pole vault at a track and field event .
someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
a person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .
the large wave is crashing down over a surfer .
a surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave .
a person surfs in the curl of a wave obsured by the falling water .
a small girl is brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush .
a little girl smiles while brushing her teeth .
pretty young lady brushing her teeth .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a female child wearing a purple shirt and denim skirt brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush .
a line of people are sitting on their motorcycles .
a row of men on motorbikes line up in the grass .
a group of motocross racers lined up to start .
a group of people on racing bikes on a field .
a group of people are sitting on dirt bikes in a grassy field .
a truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
a man in a red truck is staring out the driverside window .
the truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
a man in a large red truck .
a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert .
two bald men laying on a field tussle over a ball with other men during a sporting event .
rugby players fighting over the ball on the ground with bald heads in an official game .
several soccer players in defensive position s on the ground during a game .
soccer players in a wrestling match .
it looks like quite a sweaty smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball but the boys in blue seem to want it more .
an older couple sits sunbathing on a bench while in the background a wedding photographer leads a bride and groom to the beach for pictures .
an elderly couple relax on a bench while a bride groom and cameraman walk by .
two sunbathing people are sitting on a bench in front of a bride and groom .
a man and woman sit on a park bench with a set of newlyweds behind .
a very tan elderly couple sits partially naked on a park bench while a woman in a wedding dress a man in a suit and a photographer walk down a trail in the background .
the man is sitting down while enjoying his beer .
a grinning man is lifting his glass .
he is smiling while having a drink .
a man enjoys a glass of beer .
a man wearing a dark colored sweater is smiling while holding a glass of beer .
a man is sleeping outside on cardboard next to a water bottle .
a man is passed out on the concrete with a bottle of water .
a man is sleeping on the sidewalk on top of a box .
a man is sleeping on the ground .
a man in a suit and dirty dressshoes is lying on the street on pieces of cardboard with his eyes closed .
two female riders on a scooter covered in what appears to be muslim garb .
two women in black heeled sandals ride on a purple and silver motorcycle .
two women wearing open toed shoes are riding a motorcycle .
two people riding a motorcycle on a cold day .
a woman is wearing a black jacket while riding in the back of a motorcycle with a woman in red pants .
a child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt .
the child in the blue shirt is running through the sand .
a little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
a boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach .
a small boy wearing a hat is standing in wet sand on a beach .
volunteer setting up the bread table at the food pantry .
two women are looking at bread in packages on a table .
two ladies looking for bread to purchase .
two women looking at bread on a table .
two women are looking at a yellow table with craft material on it .
one young man with a white tshirt is punching a bag in a gym while another man watches him .
a teenager is punching a punching bag in a gym while another man watches .
two young men in are in a gym one of them is punching a punching bag .
two guys are in a gym one watching the other hit a heavy bag .
two guys working out on a heavy bag one is wearing a white shirt and the other a gray shirt .
there is a child on a sled type machine in the snow .
a child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow .
a kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
a small child is riding on a toboggan .
a boy bundled up siting on a one person sleigh in the snow .
a person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake .
a man is paddling a boat during a sunset .
a man rows his boat while the sun sets .
a man paddles his canoe on the lake .
with the sun reflecting off the water a man is sitting in a boat and rowing .
a girl and a lady both looking through a microscope .
two girls are looking into their own microscope .
two girls look through a microscope .
two girls looking in microscopes .
two young women look into two microscopes one of them with a disbelieving look on her face .
a young boy wearing oversized blue tank top and shorts and a red and blue cap is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod .
a little boy with a red cap and blue pants holds a tripod and snaps a photo .
a small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod .
a small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand .
a child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region .
a motorbike racing sitting on a white pink blue and green motorbike .
a motorcycle racer in a blue and pink suit getting ready to race .
a motorcyclist is wearing a pink and blue racing suit .
this is a motorcycle race .
a motorcycle driver in a pink and white suit is stretched in an awkward position .
a teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
kids work at computers with a teachers help .
a woman helps boys on a computer .
children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
a yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
a golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard .
a golden dog has a long stick in its mouth .
a dog carries a stick in its mouth .
a dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth .
a man in a wetsuit gliding through the ocean with one sail .
a man in a blue and black wetsuit sailing in a blue ocean .
a man windsurfing in the ocean .
a man windsurfs on a sunny day .
a man in a black and blue wetsuit is out on the ocean sailing on his surfboard .
a solider wearing a hat is getting his picture taken .
a young man in a foreign military outfit .
a soldier stands in front of a portrait .
a young man in an elaborate uniform .
a person in the military standing in front a picture of a man .
these two poodles one black and one brown are playing .
one black dog with a toy and one yellow dog .
two poodles playing with a red toy .
black poodle with toy in mouth .
black poodle carrying red chew toy while playing with a brown poodle .
two women one holding a plaque one wearing a name badge in a diner .
two women are enjoying each others company .
two women smile while sitting at a table .
a group of ladies at a meeting .
two women sitting at a lunch table with papers and books on the table laughing .
a young adult male wearing a black shirt and black pants balances on one leg atop modern architecture .
a male ballet dancer in black poses on a rooftop in front of a brown building .
a man striking a ballet pose on a rooftop .
the man in black is posing for a picture .
a man in a shortsleeved black shirt stands with a leg lifted behind him and arms spread in opposite directions on a grated structure .
a crowd cheering and passing streamers in a stadium while a blue flag waves .
fans cheer and wave flags for the vancouver whitecaps soccer team .
a cheering happy crowd in a stadium waving flags and ribbons .
fans are watching an event in a stadium .
a crowd cheering for the whitecaps sports team are cheering with a man holding a light blue flag .
a small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence .
a dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland .
a brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
a dog jumps over the fence .
the brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence .
a man and a boy touching one anothers hands with two other people in the background .
an adult martial artist teaching a young boy some defensive moves on a mat in a gym .
a man in a black jacket is holding onto a boy with brown hair in a red jacket .
a man demonstrating self defense with a young boy .
it looks as though a young boy is getting someone on one attention from a martial arts instructor .
a man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline .
a man gazes over the rail in the peaceful early morning .
man leaning on railing with lampost behind him .
a man looks over a railing into the water .
man with white undershirt and blue pants standing at fence with red top rail near a bridge .
a bmx biker in a white and blue helmet rides in front of some blue and black boxes .
a person is riding a bike on a dirt track .
a person riding a bike in the dirt .
a bicycler in a red shirt riding .
a caucasian male wearing a red sports shirt while riding a bike and protective helmet .
a construction worker by the side of the road stands next to a pile of tree branches .
a man in a construction outfit is working on trimming tree limbs .
a man in a lime green shirt and helmet on the side of the road .
a worker pauses while clearing vegetation .
the man in a construction hat and a yellow shirt is taking some of the branches from trees and has marked off part of the road with a cone .
a man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
a man is on a scaffold working on the outside of a building .
a man with no shirt standing on a scaffolding .
a man with no shirt is standing on a scaffold .
a shirtless tanned male with black hair wearing paint stained blue jeans and sneakers putting plaster along a buildings wall .
a woman in red shirt is making shaved ice with many different syrup bottles .
a lady with a red shirt on holding a cup of flavored ice .
a woman in a red tshirt is preparing an icee .
a woman with a red shirt making snow cones .
a latina woman holds a blue snocone while standing behind various flavorsyrup pumps .
two men sitting at a shared desk on their computers .
two men sit at work computers and work at night .
two men are sitting working on their computers .
theres two men typing on a computer .
two guys one in red and the other in black sitting at computers .
sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory .
a man in a white shirt squirting a bottle of a drink and smiling .
a man looks excited as he begins to spray champagne in the air .
a sports player celebrates by spraying champagne outdoors .
the man is celebrating a big win and he opened a bottle of wine but it squirted out all in the air .
a woman wearing colorful clothing with red ribbon braided in her hair is leaning on a wall .
ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair .
a woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear .
a woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head .
a woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons .
a little boy and his father are both wearing blue checkered shirts and watching a rodeo .
a man and a child wearing cowboy hats are looking at horses running around a pen .
father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo .
man and child watching a rodeo .
there is a man with a child watching an event both are dressed in countrywestern outfits .
a family sits on a bench overlooking the beach .
taking a break while vacationing at the beach .
family sitting on a bench near the beach .
a family sits on a bench near a beach .
a man woman girl and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach .
two people playing guitars for a group of people sitting back enjoying it .
people sit and listen to a few men playing guitars in a courtyard .
two men play acoustic guitar in a public place .
two men wearing boots are playing guitar .
two performers wearing black slacks and strumming their guitars are sitting on foldout chairs and entertaining people in public .
an instructor is teaching his students how to escape a hold in a selfdefense class .
one man watching as two other men cross arms in a room of men attending a party .
two men inspect the younger boys arm for injuries .
these men are looking at each others hands .
a group of men come together in a room with red and white walls and red ornaments hanging from the ceiling .
a little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water .
a girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool .
a girl holds her breath underwater in a pool .
a girl underwater in a pool .
a young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater .
a man dressed as a woman and other people stand around tables with checkered tablecloths and a ladder .
one man in a dress dances as another man stands by a ladder and faces the other way .
several older people stand near a ladder while wearing costumes .
several people are on stage preparing for a show .
a lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing .
one young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
a girl with a red headband is holding pink camera .
a girl in red and white plays with a purple toy .
a girl with a camera looking at the screen .
a girl in a red polka dot dress and red headband playing with a pink handheld game .
a man in a hard hat is carting a rickshaw of bricks .
a man is pulling a wheelbarrow laden with bricks .
a man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks .
construction workers hard at work .
two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones .
children sit at a long blue table and draw pictures with crayons .
the children are coloring and interacting with one another .
these kids are having fun coloring .
kids coloring for fun at school .
several children are sitting at a table as a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white design looks towards the camera .
three oriental women sitting on a sidewalk waiting for transportation .
an asian woman with blue boots sits on a chair outside .
three women waiting for public transportation .
women talking while waiting for something .
two ladies in denim sit talking to each other while another girl with a yellow plastic bag sits on the side .
a brown dog carrying a frisbee runs through the snow .
a dog is running in the snow carrying a red frisbee .
a dog catches a red frisbee in the snow .
a dog holding a frisbee in its mouth .
a brown dog is running through the snow with a frisbee in its mouth .
a man in blue jeans and a blue shirt sits in a blue seat .
a woman wearing a denim jacket naps on a bench .
a man in a red sleep mask sleeps on a train .
a sleeping man relaxing after hard work .
a man in jeans is sleeping with a red mask covering his eyes .
an artist in an gray tshirt is carving on his white serpentine shaped sculpture .
an old grayhaired man with glasses in a gray tshirt is working on a sculpture .
an artist in a gray tshirt works on a modern piece .
an older man in a gray shirt carving a sculpture .
a whitehaired man with glasses wearing a gray shirt works on a white sculpture .
a man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
a man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
the man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike .
a clown with a big hat riding a bicycle .
a person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
in a city in front of a subway a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him .
two elderly women one with a dog sitting on a bench watching a man skateboard down a railing .
two women are looking at a boy skateboard .
a kid is riding on a skateboard .
a skateboarder in blue shorts and a white tshirt is sliding down a railing while being watched by two older women one holding a dog seated on a park bench .
two out of 6 swimmers are battling for the win .
six swimmers are competing a swimming race .
swimmers compete in the butterfly .
a closely contested swimming race .
front stroke swimming race roped off lap areas .
young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
the little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
a girl in a ballet fairy costume is touched by a wand .
a young girl performing the nutcracker .
the tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
a young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
the bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors .
a small child with a toy golf club .
a small child practices golf .
a young child wearing a white coat playing a childrens gold game .
the girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg .
a girl in a white shirt jumps on a trampoline .
a young girl jumping on an enclosed trampoline .
a young girl bouncing on a trampoline .
we cannot see the face of the girl with the white tshirt and blue jeans .
a boy in a white shirt licks a spoon at a table with cinnamon buns and a macbook .
the boy is licking the spoon to taste the sweetness of the rolls toppings .
the boy licks the icing from the spoon .
the boy is licking the spoon .
a boy around 10 with short blondhair is sitting by a pan of cinnamon buns and is licking a spoon .
a little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
a child performing a cartwheel in a yard .
a boy turning a somersault in his yard .
a child does cartwheels in the yard .
a kid does a tumbling move over a leafcovered lawn near sundown .
this is a man who has a rope in is mouth and a baby cow up in the air .
a cowboy at a rodeo flips over a calf during a calf roping event .
a man is at an event catching a young calf .
black guy trying to make some fresh barbecue .
a man dressed as a cowboy wrestles with a young calf in midair an ambulance and onlookers are behind a fence .
a club or restaurant with a 3 man band playing while a few people looks on .
a band plays live music for a crowd in a small room .
a band playing in a bar in front of a crowd .
band performing at a small venue .
a two man band with guitar and drums are playing to an audience in a crowded room .
two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street .
a pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons .
children in uniforms chase pigeons .
school children chase some pigeons .
adults and children in school uniforms move through a flock of pigeons .
a motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot .
a man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle .
a rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle .
a motorcycle rider performs a trick .
a person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle .
two men stand near a brick wall while one is holding a few cups .
two men in sleeveless shirts and shorts getting a beverage .
two men are outside behind a building getting drinks .
two men in conversing outside with drinks in hand .
man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill .
a group of people are partying inside a building .
friends enjoying drinks and hugging at a party .
a group of friends at having fun at a party .
young adults mingle at a house for a party .
one group of women and a group of men drinking and having a good time .
a man in a black jacket dark sunglasses and gray pants walking along the sidewalk .
a man in black walking down the sidewalk with cars lined up to the right .
a man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street .
a man in a jacket and a scarf walking down a sidewalk .
a man in a black coat and gray scarf walks on a sidewalk in between a fence and a row of hedges .
several young african americans giving an outdoor dance performance .
girls in uniform shirts performing in front of a stone building .
young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid .
a group of dancers perform in front of a church .
kids are dancing in front of a building with white tshirts and jeans .
a man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
a man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp .
man skateboarding off of a ramp .
a skateboarder on a ramp .
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp .
a young man sitting and eating next to a little girl sitting and reading .
a man with dark shades and his daughter sitting in chairs .
a family enjoying a meal outside in the shade .
a man is watching a girl draw as he eats .
a man in a white shirt with a plate of food sits outside in folding chairs with a little girl who is writing .
a man in a green shirt wearing glasses cooking meat on a grill outside .
a man in glasses is grilling wieners and meat patties on a grill .
a man barbecuing in his backyard as he gets ready for the day .
older man cooking for an outdoor barbecue .
there is a man with a green tshirt cooking hamburgers and hotdogs outside on a grill .
the volleyball player looks exhausted after a game of volleyball .
a woman with a pink uniform is standing on a volleyball court .
one of the many volleyball players in the tournament .
a female volleyball player .
a tanskinned woman with a braided ponytail stands beside a net in a pink shortsleeved shirt .
construction workers in safety vests work on the light rail tracks .
several construction working laying down cement .
workers are paving a road using concrete .
men doing construction on a road .
the constructions workers are smoothing out freshly poured concrete .
a young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object .
a girl about 5 years old is holding a ball up to her mouth in a grassy field .
a little girls takes a bite out of an apple in a field on a sunny day .
a young baby girl is eating an apple in the grass .
a little girl in stripes overalls and pigtails is eating a piece of fruit in her hands on a sunny day in the shade .
a man in a black leather jacket sitting looking at the city beyond .
a man sitting on a metal fence overlooking the water and skyline .
a man in a leather jacket is sitting on a fence by the beach .
man look at water sitting on a bar .
a man wearing a jacket and blue jeans sits on a railing as he looks out into a body of water alone .
a young shirtless boy in blue jeans and sandals sits on a skateboard .
a young boy is sitting on a skateboard in the middle of the street .
the shirtless boy is sitting on a skateboard .
the boy is riding his skateboard .
a young child with no shirt and flipflops sits on a skateboard in the middle of a street .
young man in a checkered jacket holding a white box and walking along a street .
a man in jeans and wearing a backpack carries a white box with handles .
a young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white cardboard box .
taking a bi of pastry home .
an asian man wearing jeans and a plaid vest is walking down a city street wearing a backpack and carrying a white box .
two girls one wearing glasses dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
a woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman .
two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
two warmly dress girls posing for a picture outdoors .
a smiling girl in glasses and a bluegray scarf with a smiling girl in a black coat leaning on her shoulder .
two small girls talk to a man wearing sunglasses in a colorful van .
two girls are trying to sell some nuts to the driver .
man sitting in a van talks to two young girls .
two young girls talking to a man in a van .
two girls one in a red sweater and one in a blue sweater are talking with a bald man with a beard siting in a van and holding small bags of seeds .
a group of coeds play football while drinking .
three friends are playing foosball .
some people are playing fooseball .
two people play foosball .
three people playing foosball near a partially drank beer .
a girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
a closeup of three people smiling for the camera .
two women and a man pose for the camera .
three people pose for a picture .
a girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
a local police officer in uniform is ordering a pastry and coffee for his morning breakfast .
a police officer with many items around his waist is ordering something at a cafe .
a police officer is ordering coffee at a shop and has many gadgets strapped to his belt .
a law enforcement officer looking at food in a cafe .
a local policeman standing in front of the counter with complete equipments belted to his waist .
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
two young girls on a playground .
two girls on a jungle gym .
two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
a young girl sits in a highchair and eats red food while making a mess .
a little girl in a highchair is messily eating spaghetti .
the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket .
a girl messily eats a plate of pasta .
a little girl makes a mess on her hand and face while eating in her baby chair .
the young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white acura vehicle .
a man carrying a white sweatshirt waits to cross the street .
a man holding a white sweatshirt stands next to a white car .
a man walking on the sidewalk holding a white sweater .
a man wearing a black baseball cap and holding a white sweatshirt is near a white acura .
a man and woman dressed casual and formal wear while dancing in public .
a man and woman couple is dancing with blurry trees in the background .
a man and woman dancing in the street .
two young men dancing in the street .
a gentleman in a suit and sneakers dancing with a woman in a long scarf .
a man in glasses with black frames is eating a burger .
two women eating together and smiling .
two women are eating food together .
two people eating at a restaurant .
two adults at a table eating chips pickles and hamburgers .
a man and a woman gets ready to sunbathe at the beach .
a man and woman are laying towels down at the beach .
a man in a speedo is setting up his beach blanket .
2 people on the beach setting up blankets .
a man in and a woman are holding their towels at the beach .
two individuals are fencing sword fighting and the score is 20 .
two people competing in a fencing competition .
two athletes in a gym fencing with each other .
a fencing match between two players .
two fencers dressed in the sports traditional white suit and protective mask practice their dueling .
a woman wearing a gray coat with brownish hair is pulling a basketlike cart .
woman in a gray coat walks across street with a wheeled wicker basket .
a woman with a laundry basket in a portable cart takes a stroll .
a woman pull a wicker basket in the street outside of a cafe .
pedestrians cross a street walking an avenue past a restaurants one pulling a wheeled basket and several others wearing purses .
a man in shorts with no shirt is standing in front of a group of people on the beach .
a man in cutoff jeans and no shirt is standing in a crowd on the beach .
a shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party .
man wearing shorts stands in front of others .
a shirtless brownskinned man wearing sunglasses and blue jean shorts is standing in front of a group of people .
a group of people walking in the same direction include two women one of whom is wearing sunglasses and shorts .
a group of people crossing the street all are carrying bags and purses .
several people are crossing a street .
people walking down the sidewalk .
one woman in a black dress and another one in a gray tank top and green shorts are walking on the street somewhat crowded with people .
a lone skater chases his shadow as he glides over a cement skating ridge cars and houses in the background .
a person in an orange helmet is skateboarding on a ramp .
someone on a skateboard around a ramp in a skate park .
a skateboarder is skateboarding on a ramp .
a person with an orange helmet on is skateboarding at a skate park with a benos building on the right side .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
a brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
a slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
a brown amp white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
a lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
a man in a black hat touches a cardboard box .
a man in a black hat with a cardboard box .
a man in a black hat reaches into a box .
the man is opening a box .
a man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box .
two men in white shirts and black ties holding cocktails as they look to the left .
two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks .
a man is holding a drink next to another man smoking .
two men looking inquisitively .
two men dressed in work attire are looking at a pipe that is sticking off the wall .
a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a red vest is standing in front of a red helicopter .
a man is wearing sound blockers on his ears .
man operating technology with earphones on .
man stands at the seat of a helicopter .
a man with a grayish blue shirt red and blue vest black pants sunglasses and earphones is standing beside a red helicopter while the door is open revealing the inside of the helicopter with its pilot and other earphones hanging in the background .
a man is cleaning out a fountain while other people are walking around .
a worker is cleaning the floor of a big outdoor fountain .
man in a blue shirt and white hat cleaning a fountain .
a man in a blue button up shirt wades in a fountain .
a man in a white hat and blue shirt is standing in a fountain with three people in the background .
a woman it talking on the phone behind a rack with the big blue plastic bottles .
a woman is talking on her phone while standing behind a stack of water bottles .
people walking past a cart full of blue plastic large water bottles .
a pallet of water empty five gallon water bottles .
a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street .
female wear a red gerrard jersey sits outside the beatles story exhibition in liverpool .
an overweight woman in a red top sits outside in front of a beatles exhibit .
a large woman sitting in front of the beatle story exhibit .
lady in red shirt sits outside of the beatles exhibit .
a person in a red shirt sits in front of a building exhibiting beatles story exhibit .
a woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant .
women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .
two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant .
two women talking at a table in a restaurant .
two beautiful women one is wearing white and other is wearing black tops have some good time at a restaurant .
most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution .
a crowd of people wearing helmets sit on motorcycles .
huge crowd are gathered probably to demonstrate .
many people wearing helmets .
a crowd of people almost all in helmets some in masks face the camera while someone in a red cap looks backward .
a man with a banjo is speaking into a microphone .
a man sitting on a stool playing the banjo .
a musician plays music near a tree .
a man plays his white banjo .
a man playing a banjo near a tree at an outdoor event .
a woman taking part in world marathon in beijing china during the world marathon day .
a woman wearing a black shirt and a racing tag is running .
some people participating in a road race .
some runners participate in a race .
an older woman is featured in the fore ground of a large race that a number of people are running in .
an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique with a sales assistant to her right .
an older woman looks at the camera while another older woman tries on a hat inside a store .
one woman is trying on a hat in the mirror while another lady helps her .
a woman in a white shirt tries on a hat in front of a mirror .
an older woman in a white shirt is trying on a hat while glancing in the mirror while another older woman in a loud print shirt looks on .
six buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes .
six monks in bright orange robes walk through a park next to a lake .
six boys wearing orange robes walking on the side of a road .
monks wearing orange robes are taking a walk .
six young men wearing orange robes walking on the shoulder of a robe with a body of water in the background .
a man riding a bicycle and other people walking on a street in a foreign city .
people walking and biking down a city street lined with whitepainted houses .
people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .
a few citizens are going about their day down a neighborhood alleyway .
some people are standing some walking and one riding a bike in a paved alleyway .
person with shovel walks through snowstorm in front of cafe .
a person with red gloves carries a shovel through the snow .
a person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street .
someone is walking through a snowstorm carrying a shovel .
a man walks on the street with a snow shovel during a snowstorm .
a black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
a black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
a black dog and a tan dog fighting .
two dogs fight .
two dogs one white and one black play with each other in the sand .
a boy wearing a red shirt is bent over with a growling look on his face .
a man wearing a red shirt is punching the ground while looking angry .
comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile .
an angry looking man pretending to punch the ground .
a young man in sneakers and a red jacket is posing with one hand on the ground and the other raised in the air .
a colored man and a young blond both dressed in jeans and maroon tshirts carry a banner which reads maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody .
a young group of people are protesting a sign to protect african americans from death or being killed while under custody of the united states government .
a group of people holding a sign that says maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody .
they are protesting to stop black deaths .
a black man and a white woman both wearing maroon shirts are holding a sign between them that reads maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody in all caps .
a man is riding a board and jumping in the air while being towed by a motor boat .
a white man is wakeboarding and in mid jump on a lake .
a young man is performing a jump on a wakeboard .
a wakeboarder is in midair doing a trick .
a caucasian male performing a water board trick in a lake with trees in the background .
a boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow out of frame .
a child with a floatation vest is being bounced off of something .
a boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air .
the kid in the life vest jumps up in the air .
a child wearing a white red and black life jacket was bounced into the air by something big and yellow .
a dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
a dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
a black dog is shaking water off his body .
a dog splashes in the murky water .
black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
a man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
a man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest .
a man lying in the middle of a hug rock .
a man is sitting on rock ledges .
a man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks .
a younger looking man stands behind the counter of an israeli shop that sells cigarettes and cashews .
an israeli child is behind the counter at stand that vends nuts and cigarettes .
a kid in a black shirt standing behind the counter at a store .
a person working in a market selling various items .
a food vendor stands behind a display of bins of several types of nuts candy or other small snacks with signage in hebrew .
a colorful clown stands in the street holding a trumpet as people walk by .
a clown with a horn stands in the crosswalk as people walk behind him .
a lone clown adding some much needed color to the world .
this is a very unhappy clown at a town festival .
a clown is wearing a yellow sequin jacket and holding a trumpet as people pass by in the background .
a boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall .
a boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
a boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard .
a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
a surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
a man surfs the foam right behind him .
a person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
a man surfing a wave .
the surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
the brown dog is leaping to catch a frisbee .
a brown dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
a brown dog squating on grass .
a brown dog chases a frisbee .
a brown dog is attempting to catch a frisbee in its mouth .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
a small boy is playing a racing arcade game .
a child rides a mechanical ride .
a boy rides a game machine .
a child in a yellow shirt is playing a red arcade ride .
a woman dressed in blue holding the reins of a brown horse by a racetrack .
a woman in blue standing in front of a racetrack with a saddled horse .
a woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse .
a woman in a purple jacket leads a horse .
a woman in a blue uniform with long curly redhair looking at her horse before the race .
a child in a blue jacket sits on a sidewalk .
an unhappy toddler sitting on the sidewalk .
the boy is sitting on the street ground .
a child sitting on the ground .
a little boy is sitting on the street while people walk past .
an ice hockey goalie guards the net while a few others play in front of him .
a hockey player is attempting to take a shot on the opposing teams goal .
two teams play hockey while the audience watches .
a hockey player attempting to score a goal .
a hockey player wearing a gold and white jersey getting ready to shoot the puck against two players wearing gold and black jerseys in a ice hockey arena .
a woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
a surfer in all black is riding a wave .
a surfer rides the waves .
a person is surfing .
a person in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean with a wave coming down .
two men stand in a basement workshop looking at each other .
a man with a tool belt talks to another man in a basement .
two working men take a water break .
two men talk in the garage .
two men in basement of house drinking bottled water one man wearing tool belt .
a man in a white shirt climbs a red ladder leaned against a break wall bearing signage about reescom .
a man on a red ladder works on a brick wall that has a blackandwhite advertising logo painted on it .
a man stands on a ladder propped up against a brick building .
a man is on a ladder leaned up against a building .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants balances at the top of a red ladder as it leans against a brick building .
two bicyclists taking a break from a ride at a restaurant .
a man in a black hat sitting with a woman with glasses .
the man and the woman are sitting at a table .
a couple sitting a table outside a cafe .
a man with a baseball cap and glasses and a lady with a bandage on her left are sitting at an outside cafe that is roped off .
a gray bird flies over the water by some rocks .
a bird takes off surrounded by large rocks .
a large duck in flight over a rocky stream .
a seabird is flying over rocks .
a bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks .
a man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat .
a man wearing a hard hat is on a boat pulling in some sort of device using a rope .
one male lifting an item from the ocean while wearing a life vest and helmet .
a man wearing a helmet stands on a boat in the middle of the ocean .
a man standing on the edge of an industrial boat is holding a rope that is connected to a solar power machine that is being hoisted up by a crane .
a girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street .
a woman in a dress plays violin outside .
a redhaired woman playing the violin .
a woman plays a violin outdoors .
a woman wearing a plaid dress plays an instrument while standing near a tree .
an accordion player wearing a heavy jacket scarf and beanie standing by a yellow telephone pole .
a white male who has everything covered but his face and hands is holding an accordion .
a gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion .
a man counts his money while playing his portable keyboard outside in the cold .
a man carrying a musical instrument and wearing a gray jacket purple hat and purple scarf examines some money as he stands near a worn utility pole .
a woman in an orange and yellow dress is holding an umbrella and walking .
a woman is walking down the street with a black umbrella over her .
an indian woman in traditional garb walks by with an umbrella .
a woman walking with an umbrella .
a woman walks down the road with a blue purse a long orange dress and an umbrella .
a woman is dressed in bright blue and red clothes as she sits in the green grass .
woman in tan bowlers hat blue shirt and red shirt sitting on the grass .
a native american is sitting on the grass with a rope project next to her .
a woman in a colorful folk outfit and brown hat sits on the grass .
an native american in a red and blue dress sitting and picking at some green grass .
group of people standing on sidewalk in an asian marketplace .
some people stand outside of a canton kitchen in new york .
a group of four people congregate on a sidewalk .
people standing in front a chinese restaurants .
a group of people standing on a city street in front of a red car in which one woman with redhair and black shirt with a red suitcase speaking to a portly man wearing a creme shirt and brown shorts .
a group of men wearing red jackets black pants and blue hats appear to be walking in an outdoor parade and playing drums .
a large group of reduniformed drummers performs in front of geometrical concrete building .
a group of men wearing band uniforms red jackets and black hats playing the drums .
a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band .
a group of men dressed in red uniforms play drums while the man in front holds up his hand and holds a scepter in the other hand .
a man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
a dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike .
a person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain .
an off road motorbike climbs a rocky hill .
a man wearing a helmet and safety suit goes uphill over rocks on a dirt bike .
a young boy wearing red floaties about to jump into a pool .
a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool .
the little child is wearing red arm floaties .
a boy has his swear gear on .
the little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties .
a woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near chrismas lights .
a woman photographed from behind as shes walking down a sidewalk .
a lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
person walking down the street in the city .
a lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street .
two men one in shorts and a buttonup shirt and the other in a blue collared shirt talking .
two asian men stand and talking man in shorts holding chicken .
two older males talking whilst one holds a chicken .
two men are talking while one is holding a chicken .
two men face each other in front of a small table one of whom is wearing a hat while holding a chicken .
a man in a plaid shirt is throwing a hatchet at a wall in his garage .
a man in his garage throwing knives against the wall .
a guy throwing what looks like a knife at a wall .
a guy in a plaid shirt is playing in the garage .
a man wearing a checkered brown shirt throwing a knife to a wall in front of a pingpong table .
a darkhaired man is covering his face with a book in bed .
a man has fallen asleep while reading the da vinci code .
a young man reads a book in bed .
boy sleeping while reading book .
a little boy falls asleep while reading the da vinci code .
an individual in a red suit doing a ski jump .
a skier in red is high in the air .
a ski jumper is in the air .
a skier catches air .
a person on skis in the air at a ski slope .
an aerial view of a city sidewalk with lots of people .
woman walking on a sidewalk and pushing a stroller .
a birdseye view of a sidewalk with many people .
peoples in under the building .
an overhead view of people walking on the street down below .
some people standing on a balcony watching a man slide down a slanted rail .
passersby watch as a person on rollerblades goes down a large incline .
a boy skateboarding down a steep incline .
people are watching a skateboarder .
a young kid is walking down a slanted concrete wall as a few people watch .
a group of african girls look toward the person taking their picture .
a group of young people sit on the ground and look at the camera .
a group of african american girls are sitting together .
several children are working on arts and crafts .
a group of african girls in colorful clothing sitting indian style on the ground .
a shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail .
a skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack .
longhaired skateboarder jumping over bike rack in a city .
a male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake .
a youth on a skateboard is doing flips and tricks over a metal bar .
three photographers use tripods to snap photos in a tiled hallway .
photographers are taking pictures in a building .
three photographers are lined up on tile .
three people are taking pictures .
three photographers with their cameras and tripods set up indoors in a hightraffic area .
a man wearing a white shirt playing badminton on a grass field .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis in a field .
a man with a tennis racket in a field .
man playing badminton in a yard .
a man is slightly jumping in the air while holding a tennis racket .
a man in a blue shirt walks between rocks in shallow water near a scenic tropical beach .
man with fishing nets walking out to sea near some islands .
a man is walking through the water with a fishing net .
a man wading through water with a net .
with a beautiful blue sky and green mountains in the background a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt wades through the shallow clear waters carry something white .
a figure skater in a pale blue costume strikes a pose on the ice .
a figure skater works on her skating routine .
a young woman skates on ice .
woman ice skating on ice .
young brunette figure skater photographed in mid twirl in her white skaters outfit .
a woman in blue rain boots is eating a sandwich outside .
a female in a blue jacket eating while sitting on grass .
girl in a blue jacket is eating a panini .
a female is eating out on the field .
a woman wearing rubber boots sits in the grass and eats a waffle .
a man is reading a newspaper at a chinese food store .
a man reading the newspaper at a sushi bar .
patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar .
a spread of asian food at a bar .
a man is seated at a counter with all types of delicious looking foods yet is completely unaffected casually reading his newspaper .
people are traveling via donkey with their belongings on back .
a pack of donkeys or burros carrying people and parcels .
mules loaded with luggage with a man on one of them .
several men traveling down a hill riding donkeys .
a boy is riding on a donkey carrying various items strapped to it .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water .
a white bird is flying off the water surface .
a large white bird goes across the water .
white bird walking across wet sand .
the large white birds reflection shows in the water .
a little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the childs gaze .
a boy smiles at points at something a man looks to the side .
a boy points at something while a man looks .
a boy points .
the man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing .
a young woman dressed in white with he hair tied up paints a room red .
a girl is painting a room red with a roller brush .
a woman repaints a room inside her apartment .
back view of a woman painted a room red .
a young woman is painting the wall of a room with bright orangered paint .
a darkskinned boy is walking a white dog on a pink leash down a sidewalk .
a young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood .
a boy in a striped shirt walking a small dog on a leash .
a boy is walking a small white dog down the street .
a boy signals with his hands while he walks a white dog with a pink leash .
urban tree worker pruning a tree while suspended by a harness .
worker in orange helmet is using a chainsaw on a tree .
this is a tree man in a tree getting ready to work .
a man in a tree wearing a orange hard hat .
a man with an orange hard hat sits anchored in a tree while working .
a young girl dressed in red is playing with toy story action figures .
a young girl in pajamas is playing with figures from toy story .
child in red during christmas looking at toy story toys .
toddler in red jumper plays with toy story figurines .
a toddler wears a red holiday jumper while clutching three pixar toys .
man looking through telescope at night with other people in the background .
a coated middleaged man looks through a telescope at the sky at night .
a man is looking through his telescope on a clear night .
a man is looking through a telescope .
a man in a brown coat looks into a telescope with others in the background do the same .
two scantily clad women are kissing in a crowd of people .
a lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street .
two women are wearing bras and kissing .
two women kissing in a crowded place .
two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
a helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
a snowboarder balancing on a wall .
a snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night .
a child with a pacifier in its mouth is sitting in a suitcase .
a small child wonders why on earth hes in a suitcase .
a baby decides to pack himself away in a suitcase .
a baby is sitting in a suitcase .
a baby is looking quite tired as she sits inside a luggage bag .
two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill .
2 bikers are on a rocky dirt trail and number 3 is in the lead .
number 2 and 3 mountain bikers ride on trail in the woods .
two men mountain biking up a rugged and rocky trail .
a biker in blue rides just ahead a biker in white down a gravel path .
a side view picture of 3 band members on stage performing with lead singer in the foreground .
singer and a two guitarist performing in front of a crowd .
these men are performing in a rock band .
three guys perform in a band on stage .
two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people .
several people dressed in indian clothing are talking to each other .
a group of indian people talking to each other .
the indian couple mingle at the party .
a scene at an indian wedding .
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris .
a woman wearing high heels falls backwards as onlookers laugh .
a woman on the floor and people standing around her .
woman wearing high heels falls on a cake .
a woman on the floor covered in cake .
people standing around laughing at a woman sitting on the ground covered in cake .
a group of people gather to watch a game of dominoes in a park .
four older men playing dominoes while six other men watch .
older men concentrate while playing a game of dominoes .
older men play dominoes in a park .
a group of middleaged to elderly men are enjoying a friendly game of dominoes in a local park .
men and women wearing are wearing red on the street .
a man running in a red shirt and black shorts .
a group of runners in a race occupy a street .
men and women competing in a marathon .
a group of athletes in red shirts are running to finish their race .
an old lady carrying a bag walking through a market area .
an older woman is walking down an alley carrying a black bag .
a woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk .
an elderly woman walks with a cane and a shopping bag .
an older woman walks between a covered marketplace and a row of large columns .
at a skate park one man skateboards one rides a scooter and 2 men record the skateboarder from below and above him .
a young man is doing a skateboarding trick while two guys take pictures and another is riding a scooter .
a boy at a skate park is at the apex of his trick while other boys look on .
a boy on a scooter rolls by as two men photograph a skateboarder .
four boys one on a skateboard one on a scooter and two standing are at a skate park on a ramp with a scary looking face graffiti on it .
on the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
a man plays a guitar while another man sits next to him wearing a mask .
two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums .
two men next to a building playing a guitar and drums .
a man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask .
a soldier is dressed in camouflage with a black firearm in the street .
armed forces are walking in an area littered with trash .
a soldier with a gun crouching on a street with fire .
army person squatting in the rain .
man wearing camouflage and mask holds a machine gun as he kneels on a garbage littered street .
a boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .
an indonesian child selling his wares on the street .
man and boy work their fruit cart .
a man and a boy are tasting fruit .
a man in white clothing and an orange sash stands at a cart with a boy in blue jeans as they look over a large stack of green round produce .
a young man with a red beanie cap green shirt and blue jeans sits on his skateboard as he watches .
a skateboarder with a red hat and green shirt sitting on a skateboard watching other skaters .
an adolescent in green pants blue jeans and a red hat is sitting on a skateboard .
one guy in a red beanie and green tshirt sitting on a skateboard .
a teenage man in a green shirt and bright red beanie sits on his skateboard with arms crossed over his knees .
a blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
two dogs are running in a field .
a dog chases another dog .
two dogs running around .
a yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
two dogs are fighting in the snow .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
two dogs fight in the snow .
brown and black dogs on snow showing teeth and barking at each other .
two people holding their bikes beside of bagpipecouk nifty nosh building .
two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop .
two people with bikes standing in front of a building .
two men with unicycles stands to the side of a store .
a uk street scene with stone buildings and two boys who have stopped their bikes on the sidewalk .
distant person riding offroad vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads .
a person on an atv in dunes with a purple sky .
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .
a person rides an atv through the desert .
a person on a large wheeled vehicle drives through an orange desert landscape .
a man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk .
a man on a city street is taking a photograph of someone dressed up like a spaceman .
a man takes a picture of someone on the sidewalk dressed in a silver costume .
a man wearing a jacket and jeans taking a picture of a spaceman in the city .
a man in a black jacket in jeans takes a photograph of a man posing on the street in a silver suit .
a brown dog jumps over a barrier that is black and white .
orange dog jumps over striped posts on course .
a dog jumping high to clear the bars .
a dog jumps over the pole .
the brown dog is performing a jump in an obstacle course .
a child wearing a red tshirt is holding and caring for three newborn birds .
a young person is hold three very small brown and white birds .
a child is holding three birds in his hands .
a person is holding three birds .
a darkhaired child wearing a maroon shirt and black pants holds three small birds in his hands .
a man in a denim jacket and jeans walking through a cemetery .
a solitary man is walking in a cemetery .
this man is at a cemetery it looks like .
a man walking in the graveyard .
a man dressed in jeans and a blue jacket walking through a cemetery during the day with his hands in his pockets .
kids play in the rushing water around them .
a group of children are playing in water .
shirtless children play in the water .
children are playing in green water .
young south asian children play in the water near a small dam in a guided river .
a protest march is passing by a white stone building .
a crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs .
a group of protesters picket in the road .
group of people walking with posters .
a large green peaceful protest is taken to the streets .
a woman has two children to take care of while she is out one is sitting on her shoulders and the other is sitting on her lap .
a woman in quirky glasses has one child on her shoulders another in her arms in front of her somewhere out in public .
a young woman in glasses is holding a young boy with a bowl on her shoulders and a small girl in front of her .
a little boy with brown hair sits on the shoulders of a woman in glasses .
a woman with a child on her shoulders who is holding a drum like toy and another child in her lap are sitting on a brick walkway in a crowd .
two girls riding a train one in a skirt is reading a book the other in a blue shirt and glasses is looking out the window .
a woman in a blue shirt looks out the window of a train across from a woman in a red skirt .
two women sit facing each other while one looks out the window and the other reads a book .
two women riding the train .
a young woman wearing a blue shirt is looking out the window of a train while another young woman who is sitting across from her is reading a book .
woman in orange jumpsuit walks past old woman selling flowers .
the lady in pink is walking past someone holding flowers .
a female in an orange sweatsuit walks down the street .
a female is a bright outfit is walking down the road .
a woman in a tomatocolored jogging suit carries both a red purse and a navy blue messenger bag .
two women wearing red and black are being watched while in a red cage .
people watching two women wearing red and black dancing at a tavern .
two dancers on stage in a club .
two ladies dancing in a tavern .
two young women dancers one brunette and one blond wearing similar red and black costumes and occupying a similarly colored dance cage entertain a gathering crowd .
man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle .
two people walking outside a castle .
a stone wall with lush green grass .
people walk beside a stone wall .
two people are walking around the grounds of a castle .
a store with filled with a lot of bags as someone buys .
two guys at a market looking at grocery product to buy .
an elderly man is buying food at an asian market .
a man sells products at an asian market .
an older man sells food goods at a grocery stand to a young man .
a man an little girl hiking and looking at the different plant growth along the way .
a man in a blue shirt and a young girl in a purple shirt in an arid rocky area .
a man and a child observing something in a field .
a man and a child are standing outside .
a man wearing a backpack a dark hat and a dark sweatshirt is standing in a rocky terrain with a little girl wearing a purple shirt and pants .
a mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd .
a horse mascot stands in front of several kids .
a team mascot raising its hands toward people .
oklahoma horse mascot in a sea of red fans .
a horse mascot gives highfives to some football fans .
an older man is sitting on a riverbank under an umbrella while painting .
a man is sitting by the lake under an umbrella painting .
a man sits under an umbrella beside a pond while he works .
a man is painting beside a small body of water .
a man wearing a white hate is sitting outside near a pond and under an umbrella while painting a picture in his lap .
two brunette women riding a red moped on a street with crowd in background .
people riding scooters through a crowded street .
two girls riding in the street on a mo pad .
two women riding a red moped .
two people on a really strange motorcycle in what looks like a race or possibly a parade .
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .
this is a view of time square in new york .
a newswoman being filmed in times square .
a woman is being filmed in a busy city .
a scene in a city with several people watching a woman looking at a camera and several signs such as american eagle kodak and tkts .
a man and the woman are fencing in a competition .
two people are engaged in a fencing match .
two dance artist dressed as astronauts .
a woman and a man are sword fighting .
two people dressed in fencing gear are sword fighting .
happily a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing .
a young smiling woman is having fun on a rustic looking swing .
a young woman on a rope and plank swing in an outdoor setting .
a happy girl swings on her porch .
a young woman wearing shorts and a tank top is sitting on an outdoor swing .
a person in a blue jacket walks his golden dog in front of an abandoned building .
a man walks an orange dog in front of a building with a rusted chain fence .
a bad neighbor hood were there is vandalism on the buildings .
a man walks a large dog past a barricaded building .
a person in a hat walking their dog in front of a building with large chainlinked fences surrounding it .
a blackhaired woman is using her makeup brush on another woman while holding her pinky up .
a woman is applying makeup to another womans face .
a woman is applying makeup to another woman .
a woman applies makeup to another .
two ladies are sitting to get their makeup done while one worker is applying makeup to the closest lady with a brush .
a movie poster of a man in blue holding a woman in red outside a theater .
a poster outside a building shows two figures dancing .
the billboard is presenting the now showing movies .
people walking around by a set stairs .
several people stand outside of a theater while there is an advertisement sign with a man and woman in the foreground .
a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a blue atm machine .
man wearing red shirt and jeans at an atm .
a man in a red tshirt is using an atm .
a man standing at a blue atm .
a man in a red tshirt jeans and white sneakers standing in front of an atm machine .
a small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle .
a young girl wearing a green fairy costume riding a bigwheels .
a girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle .
a girl wearing a fairy costume rides her tricycle .
a young blond girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle .
lady wearing spectacles points camera with some trepidation .
a brownhaired woman prepares here camera to take a photo .
a woman is holding and looking at a camera .
a lady getting ready to snap a photo .
a woman in a floral patterned blouse takes a photograph with a point and shoot digital camera .
people strolling in a mall with colorful decorations hanging from the ceiling .
people are walking around in a brightlylit indoor shopping center .
new mall has opened bringing a lot of shoppers .
many shoppers are walking around in a mall .
many people are walking around shopping in a brightly lit and colorful shopping mall .
a man in a gray robe is walking in the shade .
a man is walking in the shade of a market .
older man walking in crazy shadows .
a man walking in a white robe .
a man in a white tunic is standing in the marketplace .
a boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt is throwing away a bag of garbage into a green dumpster .
two people are throwing a black garbage back into a green dumpster .
a young man lifting the lid to a dumpster .
some people taking the trash out .
near a city road a man in a gray sweater disposes of a plastic bag of garbage into a large green garbage container .
there is an older whitehaired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
an elderly woman sits on a tree stump with a white dog .
a woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
an old woman with a white dog .
a white bulldog sitting on a tree stump gives paw to an older woman wearing a black jacket .
a brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
a brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
a dog leaps over the water from a rock .
the dog is leaping into the water .
a dog is taking a dive into a body of water .
a man is sitting on a bucket looking at flowers .
a man in a flannel shirt is arranging a bouquet .
a man in a plaid jacket works with flowers .
a man is outside a store selling flowers .
a man sitting on a bucket facing away from viewer with flowers in front of him .
a baby boy picks at his hair while holding a red and yellow ball .
a young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball .
a little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
a small child holds a stuffed soccer ball .
a blondhaired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
a man wearing baggy clothes standing on a sidewalk at the beach .
a man holding up a radio while walking along the sidewalk .
bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach .
man in coat near beach trying to get radio signal .
an old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants standing on a sidewalk with a small suitcase .
a child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow .
a young girl plays with her snowed in outdoor playhouse .
toddler stands next to snow covered playhouse .
a young child playing in the snow .
a small child wearing a big coat and snow boots is unhappy while she tries to play outside with her playhouse while it is snowing .
a motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience .
man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
a dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
the motocross rider does a trick in the air .
the motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd .
deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces .
deli setting with worker slicing some meat to be weighed .
a man in a deli is using a meat slicer .
a man in a black shirt cutting meat .
a man in a gray shirt and white apron is slicing meat using equipment in front of salami and prosciutto .
a family is enjoying drinks on the deck with their little boy .
a family sits outside in the sunset drinking wine .
some people hanging out on a large backyard deck .
a group of people and a child are on a patio .
the sunshine is coming down on a young family enjoying company on their patio .
a man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party .
a man and a woman do the jitterbug on the dance floor while onlookers cheer .
a happy looking couple are dancing while a crowd of others look on .
a man and a woman are dancing .
a casuallydressed man and woman are dancing together in front of a group of people with a brick wall in the background .
a little girl with a bright pink jacket made of yarn peers into a large telescope in her backyard .
there is a little girl wearing a pink jacket and looking in a horoscope .
a little girl is looking a microscope while wearing a pink furry jacket .
a little girl in a pink sweater is using a telescope at night .
a redheaded child in a pink coat made of yarn is looking into a telescope while in a backyard with a white picket fence .
a group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands .
people gathering outside of a conference or dinner room .
a man in a red shirt listens to a woman .
people with drinks gather in a room .
a group of four men and one woman talking in front of a room filled with tables and chairs .
a group of 3 individuals one man and two women are attending an event .
a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman .
a woman and a man carrying a pink cooler .
a crowd of people walking outside .
people that are in a wooded area where a man with cooler and women with a blanket appear to be going on a picnic .
an elderly man is wearing overalls and holding a paintbrush .
older gentleman wearing white overalls holding a paintbrush .
an elderly man wearing white coveralls holding a paintbrush .
an elderly man wearing white overalls holding a paintbrush .
a man wearing white overalls and a baseball cap is holding a paintbrush .
a person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it .
a woman plays in the wind with a furry brown dog .
a woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
a woman playing with a shaggy dog .
a woman in black is throwing a stick for a brown dog to run after .
police in flack suits stand in a crowd of people mostly dressed in red .
large group of police wearing protection next to a crowd wearing red .
many police in shielded helmets are gathered underneath a railway .
a riot squad making their way through a crowd .
police in riot gear fill a street lined with spectators in red clothing .
people line up and dance outside on a checkered floor .
people are in a line dancing together .
a group of people dancing together .
a group of women dancing together .
a group of people lock arms in a line while others in the background watch .
a group of young men are playing basketball outdoors .
a group of young people playing a game of basketball .
four men play a basketball game against each other .
a group of men are playing basketball .
a group a man playing basketball on a makeshift court .
a young man is playing foosball with a couple other people .
people playing foosball while drinking alcohol .
three people play one another at foosball .
people are playing foosball .
man in blue shirt plays foosball along side a woman in a white shirt .
the shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach .
a shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach .
a man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
barechested man filming at the beach .
the man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach .
a mannequin at a lingerie show with a woman getting fitted in the background .
a curlyhaired mannequin advertises a special price for corsets .
a mannequin dressed in lingerie is being advertised .
a girl getting dressing in erotica .
a mannequin wearing a corset and a woman helping a lady try on a corset in a lingerie store .